The Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 2 ) were blown out of the building in their home opener Friday against the Utah Jazz ( 1 - 1 ) , losing 99 - 71 . The Jazz jumped out to a 28 - 19 advantage after the first quarter and kept pouring it on throughout the contest , leading 50 - 33 at the break and outscoring the 76ers in the final two quarters as well . Though Utah shot just 41 percent from the field , they ran away with the game by winning the turnover battle by a huge margin , surrendering the ball just seven times to the Sixers’ 18 giveaways . Rodney Hood and Alec Burks led the backcourt with 17 and 15 points , respectively , while Derrick Favors secured a double - double with 20 points and 12 boards to accompany three steals and two blocks . The 76ers compounded their turnover problems by shooting even worse than Utah from the field , submitting a 30 percent mark as a team . The chief offender was star center Nerlens Noel , who accrued just eight points while going 2 - for - 12 from the field . Philadelphia’s immense struggles earned a chorus of boos from the home crowd at multiple points in the game , a development unsurprising given the lack of progress the team has made since embarking on its massive rebuilding effort a couple years ago . Up next for Utah is a date with the Indiana Pacers in the second game of a road back - to - back set . The Sixers will attempt to pick up their first win of the season Monday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Toronto Raptors ( 6 - 3 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 8 ) 119 - 103 on Wednesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . After a back - and - forth first half between these two teams , the Raptors got hot to start the third . To begin the quarter , they went on an 110 run and never looked back , eventually pushing their way to a convincing 16 - point victory on the road.The Raptors ' biggest advantage came at the free throw line . They hit an impressive 28 - of - 31 free throw attempts , while the Sixers attempted just 17 , while converting on 11 of those 17 . Kyle Lowry played a huge part in the victory . He went 6 - of - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding eight assists and a pair of steals . Lowry is on fire right now , combining for 46 points , 17 assists and five steals over his last two games . Luis Scola was another player who had a strong showing Wednesday . In just 18 minutes of playing time , he scored an efficient 21 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and a steal . The points total was a new season high for the eighth - year pro out of Argentina , who 's now averaging 8 points , 7 rebounds and 1 assists on the season . Leading all bench players , Cory Jefferson provided a nice spark for the Raptors . He chipped in with 15 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and five assists over 30 minutes . Rookie Jahlil Okafor did everything he could to keep the Sixers in the game . Okafor finished with a game - high of 26 points ( 13 - 22 FG , 0 - 2 FT ) , 16 of which came in the first half , while also adding seven rebounds and four blocked shots . Okafor continues to show himself as one of the top rookies in his class , now averaging a class - leading 20 points , 7 rebounds and 1 assists on the year . He 's now surpassed the 20 - point plateau in five of the first eight games of his NBA career . While Okafor was the only starter who really got into a rhythm , Hollis Thompson and Isaiah Canaan had solid showings off the bench . They combined to shoot 11 - for - 19 from the field and 10 - for - 16 from beyond the arc for 37 points . With Robert Covington still sidelined due to a knee injury , both players saw increased porduction Wednesday , but it was n't enough to keep the Sixers close . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Sixers will travel to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder Friday as well .
The Denver Nuggets ( 8 - 13 ) won their second straight close game , defeating the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 20 ) 108 - 105 on Saturday . Down 59 - 52 at the half , the Nuggets flipped the switch in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Sixers 30 - 19 in the final period to secure their second consecutive victory . In a game featuring two of the more permeable frontcourts in the league , Denver outrebounded Philadelphia 47 to 40 and outscored them in the paint , 44 to 34 . The Sixers were further weakened up front by the absence of standout rookie Jahlil Okafor , who was serving the second game of a team - imposed two - game suspension for recent off - the - court issues . Danilo Gallinari , as he has often done this season , spearheaded the Nuggets ' offensive attack with a 24 - point , seven - rebound performance , his second consecutive game over the 20 - point mark . The visitors also got a strong outing off the bench from Will Barton , who is certainly in contention for the Sixth Man of the Year award at this point . Barton contributed 16 points , and added nine rebounds , an assist and a steal over 33 minutes to come in second behind Gallinari in team scoring . For the starters , Randy Foye turned in another solid start in place of Gary Harris , notching 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay only shot 33 percent but managed to pitch in 10 points , six assists , five rebounds and a steal . He did commit seven turnovers , underscoring an area of his game he must continue to focus on . Kenneth Faried came off the bench for 22 minutes and was a rebound shy of a double - double , pouring in 12 points and hauling in nine boards . Jameer Nelson was the third Denver player to manage double - digit points in a reserve role , posting 10 points , three assists and a pair of rebounds . Denver improved to 8 - 13 but remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home for a date with the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . The Sixers turned in a valiant effort without Okafor , but could n't hold on to the lead in the second half . All five starters notably turned in double - digit scoring performances , led by Robert Covington 's 18 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . The starting backcourt duo of Isaiah Canaan and T.J. McConnell were also solid contributors , tallying 15 and 10 points , respectively . McConnell in particular stuffed the stat sheet by adding eight rebounds , six assists and three steals . Nerlens Noel ( 14 points , five rebounds , two blocks ) and Jerami Grant ( 10 points , two assists , a rebound , four steals and a pair of blocks ) pitched in all over the court as well . Jakarr Sampson ( 13 points ) and Richaun Holmes ( 10 points ) also got in on the act from the bench , making it one of the best team efforts for Philadelphia in what has been a miserable campaign to date . The Sixers fell to 1 - 20 and remain last in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They are home for a tough matchup versus the San Antonio Spurs on Monday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 26 - 9 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 36 ) 95 - 85 on Sunday . The Cavs likely got more than they bargained for from a game Sixers squad that played them tough through all four quarters . Philadelphia 's collective defensive effort may have been the most surprising aspect of the game overall , as they managed to hold a hot Cleveland offense to a mediocre 39 percent shooting performance from the field , and 28 percent from beyond the arc . To provide some more tangible perspective on the noteworthiness of the Sixers ' effort , one has to realize the Cavs had tallied 53 and 48 percent figures , respectively , in those same categories against the Timberwolves in their most recent contest , and had also scored over 120 points in their two previous games . Cleveland was able to pull out the hard - fought victory on the back of LeBron James , who turned in a 37 - point , seven - rebound , nine - assist effort that also included a pair of steals . The other starters ' scoring contributions paled in comparison , as Kevin Love was the next closest with 15 points . However , Love was outstanding on the glass against a vulnerable Philadelphia frontcourt , hauling in 15 rebounds and adding seven assists and two steals . J.R. Smith added 14 points , three rebounds and a steal , and drained another four three - pointers in the process . Tristan Thompson had his own double - double in another start at center , collecting 10 points and grabbing 10 boards . Kyrie Irving had a second consecutive quiet game , notching eight points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block over 31 minutes . Although his contributions in non - scoring categories were certainly solid , Irving notably struggled from the field , draining only three of 15 shot attempts . The Cavs improved to 26 - 9 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Dallas to take on the Mavericks on Tuesday . Philadelphia 's valiant effort was spearheaded by Jahlil Okafor 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds . Ish Smith put together a second straight strong performance after a string of relatively quiet games , tallying a double - double with 18 points and 10 assists . He also added seven boards and a steal . Jerami Grant and Nik Stauskas could only put together a pair of six - point outings , while Hollis Thompson paced the Philadephia bench with eight points and three rebounds . The Sixers fell to 4 - 36 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They await the Chicago Bulls for a Thursday matchup .
The Sacramento Kings ( 22 - 31 ) earned a road win Wednesday at Wells Fargo Center over the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 45 ) , 114 - 110 . The 76ers led for the vast majority of the game and stretched their lead to as much as 16 early in the third quarter . But the Kings managed to hang around enough to let their starters make a run late in the fourth quarter . Trailing by six with 3:44 to go , Rajon Rondo made a layup that sparked an 11 - 2 run to give the Kings a lead they would n't relinquish . DeMarcus Cousins led the Kings with 28 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 12 - 17 FT ) and 12 rebounds for his third double - double in the past five games . Darren Collison had a huge game off the bench , as he poured in 25 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 2 - 2 3PT , 5 - 6 FT ) and turned the ball over just once in 32 minutes . Rudy Gay scored 22 and Rajon Rondo added 14 points with a game - high 15 assists as the Kings managed to win despite shooting just 4 - 16 ( 25 percent ) from three . Robert Covington drained seven of his 11 three - point attempts en route to a game - high 29 points , just part of a three - point barrage from the 76ers , who shot 15 - 34 ( 44 percent ) from deep . Jahlil Okafor scored 26 points working inside ( 11 - 18 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) and added 10 rebounds , five assists and two blocks , and Nik Stauskas scored 16 behind a 4 - 5 effort from three . But the 76ers turned it over 19 times and allowed 26 points off those turnovers , dooming them despite their hot shooting . The Kings return home next Friday for a matchup with the Nuggets . The 76ers will take to the road to face the Pelicans next Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 36 - 26 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76er ( 8 - 54 ) 112 - 102 on Friday . As they 've been prone to do on occasion this season , the Sixers give a considerably superior team trouble late into the game . The performance was even more surprising considering that it came on the road , and on a night where Philadelphia sported a depleted roster that was devoid of two of their most talented players . With Nerlens Noel ( knee ) and Jahlil Okafor ( shin ) sitting out , it was up to the likes of Ish Smith and Robert Covington to step up if Philadelphia was going to keep the game competitive . Both players answered the bell , tallying 26 and 25 points , respectively , which helped the Sixers impressively battle back from a 40 - 29 deficit after one quarter . Philadelphia even turned the tables on the Heat in the turnover department , doubling them up by eliciting 16 miscues from them while only committing eight themselves , less than half of their per - night average this season . Smith added eight rebounds , five assists and a steal to his team - leading point tally . Covington supplemented his scoring with five rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block . Hollis Thompson drew the start at shooting guard , and contributed a solid 14 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Richaun Holmes , garnering some extra minutes off the bench with all of the injuries in the frontcourt , paced the reserves with 13 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and have the worst record in the league . They head down to Miami for the second game of the home - and - home series against the Heat on Sunday . The Heat likely planned to give a much more abbreviated allotment of minutes to their front - line players going in , but all five members of the first unit ended up playing sufficient time to tally double - digit scoring . Dwyane Wade led the field with 21 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and a block . Hassan Whiteside paced the bench and was also the second - highest scorer on the team , tallying 19 points , 19 rebounds , two assists and two blocks over 34 minutes . Goran Dragic continued his recent stretch of outstanding play with a 15 - point , 11 - assist double - double that also included five rebounds and a steal . Luol Deng posted a near double - double , registering 13 points , hauling nine boards and dishing out a pair of assists . Joe Johnson and Amar'e Stoudemire rounded things out with a pair of 12 - point efforts , with the former adding two assists and two steals , and the latter posting four rebounds and a steal . Miami remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and holds the fourth seed in the conference as well . They 're home on Sunday to face off in a return match with the Sixers .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 56 ) came one step closer to reaching double - digit wins for the season on Friday night , beating the Eastern Conference 's 14th - ranked team , the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 47 ) , 95 - 89 . The Sixers learned this afternoon that standout rookie Jahlil Okafor will likely miss the remainder of the season due to a torn right meniscus . This was a crushing blow for the already struggling team , as Okafor had been the team 's leading scorer up until this point . His absence did not seem to present too much of an issue , however , as it gave sophomore big man Nerlens Noel the chance to take the reigns . Noel stuffed the stat sheet for 13 points , 11 rebounds , three blocks , and two steals . Point guard Ish Smith also impressed , approaching a triple - double with 10 points , seven rebounds , and nine assists . The Nets continued to rely heavily on stars Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young , who scored 24 and 21 points respectively . Young also pulled down nine rebounds and Lopez had three blocks in what was a solid showing for the powerhouse frontcourt . The rest of the team , however , has suffered largely from injuries and lack of veteran experience throughout the season , and it showed on Friday . The Brooklyn bench went a combined 5 - for - 20 from the field with multiple players scoring no points in over 10 minutes played . The team as a whole shot just 38 percent from the floor , as they could not seem to find the basket whatsoever . Philadelphia will take on Detroit on Sunday for the second half of a back - to - back . The Nets , meanwhile , will see Milwaukee on Monday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 47 - 22 ) defeated the Philadelpia 76ers ( 9 - 60 ) 111 - 97 on Friday . The Thunder could have easily been tempted to think a playoff spot was in the bag coming into Friday night , considering that all they needed to do was take care of business against an overmatched Sixers squad . However , as has been the case on several occasions this seasons , Philadelphia proved to be a tough out for a considerable portion of the game against a vastly superior opponent . The Sixers hung with the Thunder well into the third quarter , and did get a boost with the return of Jerami Grant ( concussion ) to the starting five . The hapless home squad also turned the tables on the visitors in the turnover department , eliciting 20 from the Thunder and commiting only eight themselves . Ultimately , however , Russell Westbrook 's league - leading 13th triple - double and Kevin Durant 's double - double were too much for the Sixers , and helped lead Oklahoma_City to victory . Durant finished with 26 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and a block , although he did account for a quarter of the turnovers for the Thunder . Westbrook was guilty of committing five miscues himself , but more than made up for it by supplying 20 points , 15 rebounds , 10 assists , two blocks and a steal . Steven Adams also tallied a double - double , which consisted of 12 points , 11 boards , three blocks and an assist . Enes Kanter paced the reserves with 16 points , seven rebounds and a block , although he handed the ball over to the opposition a team - high six times . The Thunder remain in first place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and currently hold the third seed in the conference as well . They hit the road again for a date with the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night . The Sixers ' starters were led by Hollis Thompson 's 16 points , which he complemented with four rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Grant pitched in with 15 points , seven rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Nerlens Noel managed a near double - double with 12 points , nine boards , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Isaiah Canaan registered 10 points , four rebounds , two assists and three steals . Nik Stauskas paced the reserves - - and the team as a whole - - with 23 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals over 34 minutes off the bench . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the NBA . They 're home again Sunday for a date with the Boston Celtics .
The Boston Celtics ( 40 - 30 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 61 ) 120 - 105 on Sunday . The Sixers are likely one of the best elixirs for a losing streak , and the Celtics were certainly in need of a victory coming into Sunday . They 'd lost four consecutive contests , and had seen their playoff seeding slip from third to sixth during that stretch . Ultimately , Boston was able to assert its superiority over their hapless hosts , but as has often been the case lately , it did n't happen without a fight from a feisty Sixers squad . Even after the Celtics jumped out to a 28 - 16 lead after one period , Philadelphia kept coming , and prevailed over the second and third quarters by a combined margin of 63 - 60 . Boston was able to pull away in the final 12 minutes however , and earned the rather hard - fought victory on the strength of solid shooting from all areas of the court . The Celtics managed a 49 percent success rate from the field , and 42 percent from three - point range.They were also strong down low , outrebounding the Sixers by a margin of 53 - 40 . Boston was unsurprisingly led by Isaiah Thomas , who compiled 26 points , eight assists , six rebounds and a steal . Avery Bradley was strong in support , tallying 20 points , four assists , three rebounds , four steals and a block . Amir Johnson was a pleasant surprise on offense , registering 18 points , eight rebounds and two blocks . Jared Sullinger and Evan Turner rounded out a successful night for the starting five with a pair of 17 - point efforts . The former also contributed 13 rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter registered nine rebounds and six assists . Marcus Smart paced the bench with 15 points , five rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals . The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and have moved up to the fifth seed in the conference as well . They head back home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday night . The Sixers were spearheaded by an outstanding effort off the bench by Carl Landry , who amassed 26 points and eight rebounds over 25 highly efficient minutes . Hollis Thompson was next , checking in with 18 points , two assists , a rebound and a block . Ish Smith followed with 14 points , eight assists and three rebounds . Jerami Grant scored 11 points , and also hauled in eight rebounds , dished out two assists and recorded a pair of blocks . Nik Stauskas was the second Sixer to tally double - digit scoring off the bench , totaling 12 points , six rebounds and three assists . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Monday night .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 47 ) narrowly edged the Philadelphia 76ers ( 10 - 70 ) on Sunday , 109 - 108 , in overtime . Guard Khris Middleton exploded on both ends of the floor , finishing with 36 points and four steals . His partner in crime , multi - position phenom Giannis Antetokounmpo also had a big night , narrowly missing out on a 5x5 . The Greek Freak had 14 points , nine rebounds , seven assists , five blocks , and three steals . Big man John Henson also impressed with 18 points and 10 rebounds . The Sixers , meanwhile , became the second team ever to hit 70 losses just days after the Golden State Warriors achieved the exact opposite feat . Philly did n't go down easily , however , as they took Milwaukee to overtime on Sunday . Point guard Ish Smith scored 22 and neared a triple - double with nine rebounds and eight assists . Forward Jerami Grant also contributed 21 points in what was an impressive night for the youngster . Both teams will close out what has been a disappointing season next week .
The Knicks dominated the Bucks en route to a 122 - 97 win in Wednesday night 's season opener in Milwaukee . All eyes were on fourth overall pick Kristaps Porzingus , who did not disappoint in his NBA regular season debut for the Knicks , scoring 16 points and adding five rebounds . But the most surprising performance for New_York came from Derrick Williams . A lottery pick back in 2011 , Williams exploded for 24 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting and ripped down seven rebounds in just 21 minutes . The performances of Porzingus and Williams overshadowed the return of Carmelo Anthony . After undergoing knee surgery in February , Anthony missed much of the 2014 - 15 season . He had plenty of time to rehab this offseason , but came out flat in the opener with a minuscule 11 points ( 4 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and five assists in 29 minutes . The Knicks bench ended up outscoring the starters 73 - 49 . Milwaukee was missing three key players Wednesday ; Jabari Parker ( knee ) , Giannis Antetokounmpo ( suspension ) , and O.J. Mayo ( hamstring ) . With much of the core sidelined , the Bucks received big games from both their stars ; Greg Monroe and Michael Carter-Williams . Unfortunately they did n't get much help from anyone else . Monroe tallied a double - double in his regular - season debut for Milwaukee , scoring 22 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 8 - 10 FT ) while pulling down 14 rebounds and adding four assists . MCW tacked on 20 points despite struggling from the field , shooting 6 - for - 17 . The Knicks will look to improve to 20 Thursday night at Madison Square Garden against the Hawks . Milwaukee will hope to bounce back Friday against the Wizards at home .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 2 - 3 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 4 ) by a score of 91 - 87 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee Despite being the expected favorite coming in , the Bucks were n't able to get any sort of lead through the first three quarters , as time and again , the Sixers held strong . The Sixers eventually had an 85 - 82 lead with two and half minutes left in regulation , but the Bucks went on to outscore them 9 - 2 in the final two minutes to pull out the four - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Bucks were outrebounded 51 - 37 in this one , but forced the Sixers into 19 turnovers , which ended up making the difference . Struggling to get momentum this year , Khris Middleton finally turned things around Wednesday . Although he did n't have the best shooting percentage , he still led the team with 21 points ( 7 - 20 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , including a clutch three - pointer to put the Bucks up four points with less than 50 seconds in the game . Middleton was continually called upon for late - game heroics during the 2014 - 15 season , so Milwaukee was very happy to see the swingman return to form again Wednesday . Greg Monroe also was able to have success in this one , showing the young bigs of the Sixers his experience . Monroe finished with 18 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , eight rebounds , and three steals over 36 minutes . He 's now combined for an impressive 41 points and 21 rebounds over his last two outings . Giannis Antetokounmpo chipped in with an efficient 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds of his own . Despite struggling to limit Monroe defensively , rookie Jahlil Okafor and second - year pro Nerlens Noel performed admirably on the offensive side of the ball . Okafor recorded 21 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) , six rebounds , and two blocked shots , while Noel finished with 17 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) , 12 rebounds , and one blocked shot . Noel has now notched three double - doubles over the first four games of the season , pushing his season averages to 12 points and 10 rebounds . Nik Stauskas was the only other Sixer in double figures with 14 points , but went a dreadful 3 - of - 14 from behind the three - point line . The Sixers will next head to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Friday , while the Bucks will be on the road against the New York Knicks on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 8 - 13 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 10 - 11 ) by a score of 106 - 91 , on Saturday night in Milwaukee . Milwaukee led pretty much the whole way in this one , after going up 8 - 6 in the first quarter the Bucks did not look back and entered the fourth quarter up 81 - 69 . New_York had won two straight coming into this game but their mojo ran out Saturday night as they shot a brutal 6 - 25 from long range and only 42 percent from the field . Carmelo Anthony struggled shooting , going 6 - 17 from the field but led his team in scoring with 18 points , along with five rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . Lance Thomas looked good in 24 minutes off the bench as he finished with 17 points on 6 - 11 shooting . Kristaps Porzingis chipped in 12 points and seven rebounds but gave up five turnovers . Milwaukee only shot four threes in the game and shot a responsible 50 percent from the field as a team , but struggled from the free throw line , going 16 - 24 . Greg Monroe logged a big double - double with 18 points and 14 rebounds . Michael Carter-Williams led the Bucks in scoring with 20 points on 9 - 16 shooting , along with five assists and three rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . O.J. Mayo had a strong game finishing with 17 points , five assists and three rebounds as a starter . Jabari Parker added 17 points , seven rebounds and two assists , while Giannis Antetokounmpo also dropped 17 points , along with six assists , six rebounds and two blocks . Next up the Bucks will host the Trail Blazers on Monday , while the Knicks will host Dallas on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 9 - 13 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 9 - 13 ) Monday 90 - 88 at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . The game was an absolute thriller , as with the Bucks down one and the shot clock turned off , the team needed to foul . However , they got one better , as Michael Carter-Williams forced a jump ball with C.J. McCollum . Carter-Williams won the jump and performed a beautiful pick and roll with Greg Monroe , with Monroe scoring the game - winning basket . Monroe led the way all night for Milwaukee , finishing with 16 points and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes . Gianni Antetokounmpo was close behind Monroe , scoring 17 points and grabbing nine rebounds in 31 minutes . However , no player was as important down the stretch as O.J. Mayo - who started the game at point guard - as he scored 11 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter and hit big shot after big shot , including a three - pointer with 16 seconds that brought the team within one . For the Trail_Blazers , it was Damian Lillard who led the way in the losing effort , recording a game - high 23 points , seven assists and five rebounds in 38 minutes . C.J. McCollum , despite a poor shooting night , was the only other Portland started to score in double figures , scoring 17 points and recording five steals in 36 minutes . The other three starters combined to score just 18 points . Up next , the Bucks will stay home Wednesday to take on the Clippers , while the Trail_Blazers will head to Cleveland Tuesday to take on the Cavaliers .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 12 - 18 ) defeated the visiting Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 30 ) on Wednesday night , 113 - 100 . The Bucks led throughout , grabbing control early and leading , 35 - 18 , by the end of the first quarter . Giannis Antetokounmpo led Milwaukee in scoring despite being listed as questionable to play due to a sore knee . Antetokounmpo finished with 22 points on super - efficient 11 - 13 shooting from the field . He also tallied six assists , five rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots , in 33 minutes . Jabari Parker had a strong game with some powerful dunks and finished with 16 points , three assists , two steals and two blocked shots , in 30 minutes . Michael Carter-Williams had another good game , with 18 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) , nine assists , five rebounds , four steals , but an ugly seven turnovers . The Bucks shot an astonishing 60 percent from the field as a team , as well as 41 percent from deep . Five players scored in double digits for the 76ers . The high - point man was Jahlil Okafor , who had 17 ( 5 - 16 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , two assists and two blocked shots , in 31 minutes . Hollis Thompson chipped in 16 points and five rebounds , also in 31 minutes . Nerlens Noel shot an efficient 5 - 8 from the field , on his way to 11 points , along with five rebounds , two assists , three steals and one block , in only 27 minutes . Philly had 23 turnovers as a team , which cost them , especially early , as the Bucks took advantage and jumped to a quick lead . Next the 76ers will travel to Phoenix for the second game of their current six - game road trip , on Saturday . The Bucks , who have now won two in a row and will look to make it three , as they host the Raptors on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 19 - 12 ) beat the Milwaukee Bucks ( 12 - 19 ) 111 - 90 on Saturday . Toronto earned a much - needed win in Milwaukee , as they managed to dominate on both sides of the ball . Headed into the matchup , the Raptors had lost three of their previous five matchups . Center Bismack Biyombo helped lead the comeback win , offering up 14 points , 12 rebounds , and four blocks on the night . Biyombo has been a force while filling in for injured starter Jonas Valancianus . The double - double comes as a follow - up to a dominant 20 - rebound performance . For the Bucks , defense appeared to be the main issue , as their opponents were able to knock down a highly efficient 52 percent of their shots . Shooting woes , too , contributed to the loss , as the Bucks shot just 42 percent from the field . Starters Michael Carter-Williams and Jabari Parker combined for an abysmal 6 - of - 25 shooting performance . Guard Khris Middleton , however , was able to get it going , hitting five three - pointers and posting 20 points . The Raptors are jocking for position near the top of the Eastern Conference . Their next contest will be on Monday in Chicago . The Bucks , meanwhile , will travel to Dallas for their next contest , also taking place on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 30 - 6 ) continued their great play on Monday , defeating the Milwaukee Bucks ( 14 - 22 ) 123 - 98 . This appeared to be a mismatch on paper and that came to fruition on Monday . The second quarter was when the tides turned , as the Spurs scored 31 points in that 12 - minute stretch while holding the Bucks to just 19 . The benches were a big difference as well , as the Spurs reserves scored 56 points to the Bucks 23 . San_Antonio came into this game as a huge favorite and did what they do . While they didn’t play the elite defense they are known for , they blitzed them with efficient offense and ran away with yet another blowout win . Tony Parker sat out this game , but everyone stepped up in his absence . Kawhi Leonard led the team with 23 points and LaMarcus Aldridge put in an impressive double - double . Tim Duncan was coming off his first scoreless performance in his 19 - year career , to post 14 points , 10 rebounds and four assists in a great all - around game . This team just continues to impress and they 'll look to extend their 20 - game winning streak at home on Wednesday against the Utah Jazz in their next fixture . Milwaukee was supposed to have one of the best defenses in the NBA this season , but they continued their poor defense in this game . They allowed at least 29 points in every single quarter and allowed San_Antonio to shoot over 55 percent from the field . The bench was especially bad , as no player scored more than five points aside from John Henson who scored just eight . All five starters scored in double - figures , but it simply wasn’t enough against a potent offense like the Spurs . In fact , all five starters tallied at least 11 points , three rebounds and two assists in a great team effort . Milwaukee will have to travel to Chicago for Tuesday’s matchup against the Bulls in a rivalry game .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 27 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 24 ) 107 - 100 on Tuesday night . The Bucks shot nearly 50 percent from the field and 84 percent from the free - throw line while holding the Magic to just 41 percent shooting . Orlando was actually lights out from three - point range , going 13 for 24 , but it was n't enough to avoid losing for the 11th time in its last 12 games . Victor Oladipo finished with 18 points and five assists , while Nikola Vucevic had 16 points and 12 rebounds for the Magic . The Bucks have relied heavily on their starters all season , no more so than Tuesday . Milwaukee 's starters outscored the Magic 's 91 - 64 , as the Bucks ' five starters combined to play 177 minutes and score nearly 90 percent of the team 's points . Khris Middleton had another great game , as he tallied 25 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Giannis Antentokounmpo matched the team - high with 25 points , while snatching nine boards . Greg Monroe double - doubled once again , as he finished with 21 points and 11 rebounds . The Bucks will look to build on this win Thursday against the Memphis Grizzlies , while Orlando will look to get out of its rut Friday against the Boston Celtics .
The Detroit Pistons ( 30 - 29 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 24 - 35 ) 102 - 91 on Saturday . In a battle of Eastern Conference Central Division rivals , the Pistons used timely three - point shooting and defense to gain an early advantage that they would n't relinquish . Even though Milwaukee outperformed them from beyond the arc by a margin of 58 percent to 40 percent , Detroit was able to nail six of their first seven three - point attempts , and 11 of their 19 overall in the first half . Their defense also elicited 21 turnovers from the Bucks , which they were able to convert into 23 points . On the offensive side , a strong outing from Reggie Jackson and Andre Drummond 's league - leading 50th double - double on the season helped lead the way for the visitors , carrying them to the road victory . Jackson paced the Pistons ' attack with 22 points , eight assists , two rebounds and two steals . Marcus Morris followed with 20 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Tobias Harris and Drummond were next with a pair of 15 - point efforts . The former added four rebounds , four assists and a steal , while the latter hauled in 17 boards , dished out two assists , recorded four steals and registered a pair of blocks . The Pistons remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and just a half - game back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head home to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . Milwaukee was led by Khris Middleton 's 26 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Jabari Parker followed with 13 points , five rebounds and three assists . Miles Plumlee continued to start at center over Greg Monroe , and collected 10 points , six rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Monroe paced the reserves with 10 points , seven rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block , and outpaced Plumlee in minutes by a margin of 27 - 21 . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're home again on Monday night as they host the Houston Rockets .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 25 - 35 ) defeated the visiting Houston Rockets ( 29 - 31 ) 128 - 121 , on Monday night at BMO Harris Bradley Center . The Rockets have been slouching lately as they barley hang on to the eight spot in the West . That trend continued Monday night as they trailed 32 - 26 after one quarter for the 10th straight game . Despite winning the last six match - ups versus Milwaukee , Houston came up short this time as the Bucks racked up a season - high 128 points behind huge nights from Jabari Parker , Khris Middleton and Giannis Antetokounmpo . This win snaps a two - game losing streak for the Bucks , while the Rockets fall to 2 - 6 in their last eight games . Jabari Parker led the Bucks in scoring with a career - high 36 points on 16 - 25 shooting from the field , along with five assists , four rebounds and two steals , in 40 minutes . Khris Middleton added a cool 30 points , in part thanks to perfect 15 - 15 shooting from the free throw line , while Giannis Antetokounmpo recorded the second triple - double of his career , with 18 points , 17 rebounds and 11 assists , along with four steals and two blocked shots , in 42 minutes . Milwaukee recorded 30 assists and shot a blistering 59 percent from the field and 53 percent from deep . Michael Carter-Williams was a late scratch with a sore knee , while Jared Bayless returned after missing games , to contribute 18 points , in 35 minutes off the bench . The Rockets starters accounted for 99 of their points , with the bench chipping in only 22 . Although 121 points is usually enough to win an NBA game , Houston failed to record one blocked shot , allowing the Bucks to cruise to a season - high 128 points . Dwight Howard had a huge game with 30 points and 13 rebounds , in 35 minutes , while James Harden tagged along with 26 points , nine assists , six rebounds and three steals , in 40 minutes . Trevor Ariza also filled the stat line , with 20 points , 11 assists , eight rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes . Donatas Motiejunas was quiet in his second game back , with six points , five rebounds and two assists , in 19 minutes off the bench . Next , the Rockets will host the Pelicans on Wednesday , before heading out on a five - game , eastern road trip . The Bucks will look to gain ground in the East as they host the Pacers on Wednesday .
With double - digit scoring performances from all five starters , the Milwaukee Bucks ( 28 - 38 ) took down the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 41 ) on Saturday , 103 - 92 . Guard Khris Middleton neared a triple - double on Saturday , dropping 19 points , 10 rebounds , and eight assists while also snagging three steals on the defensive end . Middleton went cold from deep , missing all four of his three - point attempts , but still managed to go an efficient 9 - for - 16 from the field . Red-hot sophomore Jabari Parker also grabbed three steals , while also scoring 15 points and pulling down five rebounds . The team as a whole shot an impressive 49 percent from the field while playing outstanding defense , holding the Pelicans to 39 percent shooting on the night . New_Orleans could n't seal the deal despite 29 points and 11 rebounds from star Anthony Davis . While Davis had 29 , the rest of the starting five scored just 30 total points , and the bench also saw struggles . Sixth man Jrue Holiday scored just eight points in 29 minutes while turning the ball over seven times . The team struggled mightily from deep , hitting just 21 percent of their three - pointers . New_Orleans will face the Golden State Warriors on Monday , while the Bucks will take on the Nets on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 45 - 21 ) took care of the Milwaukee Bucks ( 29 - 39 ) in a 107 - 89 victory on Tuesday . This appeared to be a lopsided matchup on paper and the Raptors took it to the Bucks . It was the second and third quarters that made a difference , as Toronto outscored Milwaukee 59 to 38 in that stretch . The rebounding was a huge difference , with the Raptors bringing down 48 rebounds to the Bucks 37 . The three - point shooting was a factor as well , with Milwaukee shooting 15 percent , while Toronto shot over 48 percent . The Raptors played this game without DeMar DeRozan and Jonas Valanciunas and didn’t miss a beat . Kyle Lowry stepped up in their absences , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 assists and four rebounds in just 28 minutes of action . Bismack Biyombo filled - in admirably for Valanciunas as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 13 - rebound outing . On deck for the Raptors is a matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Milwaukee . Jabari Parker and Giannis Antetokounmpo both tied the team - lead with 19 points , with no other player scoring more than 12 . Antetokounmpo actually flirted with a triple - double yet again , as he tallied 18 points , 12 rebounds and nine assists in the defeat . The Bucks will look to play better on Thursday against the shorthanded Memphis Grizzlies in their next game .
The Utah Jazz ( 34 - 36 ) dispatched the Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 40 ) Sunday at BMO Harris Bradley Center , 94 - 85 . Utah held just a 43 - 42 lead after a tight first half , but the Jazz ended the quarter on a 26 - 8 run to carry a 14 - point lead into the fourth quarter . The Bucks went without a field goal for a 6:58 stretch in the period as their offense just could n't get revved up . Utah never trailed in the game 's final period as they coasted to the victory . Gordon Hayward scored 18 points and hit three three - pointers to lead the Jazz . The Jazz also got double - doubles from Rudy Gobert with points 12 ( 4 - 7 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 14 rebounds ( six offensive ) and Shelvin Mack with 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG ) and 12 assists . Trey Lyles added 14 points in just 22 minutes off the bench as he also grabbed four rebounds and dished four assists . The Jazz were launching three - pointers all game , and managed to hit 13 of 37 attempts ( 35 percent ) . Jabari Parker of the Bucks finished with a game - high 19 points ( 8 - 14 FG ) and added eight rebounds and a pair of assists . Khris Middleton ( 13 points ) and Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 12 points , seven assists , four rebounds , two steals , two blocks ) were the only other Bucks to even reach double - figures . The Bucks actually shot a solid 34 - 65 ( 52 percent ) from the floor , but they managed just two offensive rebounds and hit only three three - point shots , and even their relatively efficient performance inside was n't enough to keep up with the Jazz 's three - point barrage . The Jazz continue their road trip Wednesday in Houston . The Bucks head to Detroit for a Monday matchup against the Pistons .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 56 - 22 ) took care of the Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 46 ) in a 109 - 80 win on Tuesday . This was a lopsided matchup coming in and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Cavaliers had a 24 - point lead at half and were able to rest their starters for long periods of this game . Cleveland shot 55 percent from the field , 90 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from three - point range . They also held the Bucks to under 40 percent shooting . The benches were a huge difference as well , with Clevelad getting 35 points off the bench compared to Milwaukee 's nine . Cleveland came into this game as a double - digit favorite and did n't disappoint . No player had a huge game , but no one played more than 28 minutes either . J.R. Smith led the team with 21 points , with all of those points coming from three - point range . LeBron James tallied 17 points , five rebounds and nine assists on 7 - for - 9 shooting . On deck for the Cavaliers is a matchup with the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday . Milwaukee 's season is over and games like this are simply going through the motions . Giannis Antetokounmpo did continue his great form though , as he accumulated 22 points , 14 rebounds and eight assists . Jabari Parker scored 19 of his own , while also grabbing four rebounds . Milwaukee wo n't play again until Friday against the Boston Celtics .
With President Barack Obama in town Tuesday to check in on his hometown team , the Bulls were able to come away with a victory on their home court , defeating the Cavaliers by a 97 - 95 count . The Cavaliers remained competitive through the fourth quarter thanks largely to the efforts of LeBron James , who poured in 25 points , 10 rebounds , five steals over 36 minutes . The same couldn’t be said of James’ co - star , Kevin Love , who was playing in his first meaningful game since dislocating his elbow in the first round of last season’s playoffs . Love would end up with 18 points thanks to a hot fourth quarter , but shot a woeful 6 - for - 17 from the field . Even with Love back in the fold , the Cavaliers were still playing at less than full strength with backcourt starters Kyrie Irving ( knee ) and Iman Shumpert ( wrist ) out for extended action . While their replacements in the lineup , Mo Williams ( 19 points , seven assists ) and J.R. Smith ( eight points , five boards , three assists ) had their moments , they couldn’t keep up with an effective Bulls attack . Despite entering the game with some uncertainty regarding how much playing time he’d receive while he continued to experience blurred vision , Derrick Rose turned in a strong outing for the Bulls , contributing 18 points and five assists in 32 minutes . Along with Rose , second - year man Nikola Mirotic drove the Chicago attack , piling up 19 points and nine rebounds . Meanwhile , the man Mirotic replaced in the starting lineup , Joakim Noah , failed to record any points in 17 minutes , before limping off the court in the second half after taking a hard hit to the ankle . The Bulls didn’t provide an update on his condition before the game ended . After holding off the Cavs , the Bulls will look to push their record to 20 when they head to Brooklyn for a game Wednesday . Cleveland will also finish off a back - to - back set Wednesday with a date in Memphis .
The Bulls ( 11 - 5 ) came away with a 99 - 90 win against the Nuggets ( 6 - 13 ) at United Center on Wednesday . With guards Jimmy Butler and Derrick Rose struggling to find their shots , the Bulls turned to Pau Gasol , who posted season highs in both points ( 26 ) and rebounds ( 19 ) while adding four blocks over 36 minutes . The win helped the Bulls improve to 7 - 1 at home this season and moved them into a tie with the Pacers for second place in the Eastern Conference standings . The Nuggets managed to take a four - point lead into the fourth quarter after a 13 - 3 run to end the third , but Gasol was just too much in the final frame . Denver had an awful night shooting from the field , hitting 35 - of - 90 and got absolutely no production from any guards , who combined to score 11 points . Emmanuel Mudiay had the worst night with just four points on 2 - of - 12 shooting , though he did dish out seven assists . The lone bright spot for the Nuggets was Kenneth Faried , who has been working his way back from an ankle injury . Faried scored 14 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 FT ) with eight rebounds and three assists over 28 minutes . The Bulls came away with the win , but lost a key contributor in the process after Nikola Mirotic was elbowed in the face in the first period and did not return . Mirotic played just five minutes before leaving , hitting a lone 3 - pointer to go along with three rebounds and a steal . With Mirotic gone for the game , coach Fred Hoiberg turned to Joakim Noah , who has looked more like his old self lately . Noah played a season - high 34 minutes , piling on 11 rebounds to go with his nine points and four blocks . Chicago returns to action Saturday in the third game of a four - game homestand against the Hornets ; the Nuggets play the fourth of a five - game road trip Thursday against the Raptors .
The Chicago Bulls ( 17 - 12 ) came up with a big 104 - 97 home win , over the Toronto Raptors ( 19 - 13 ) , Monday night . This was the two teams first match of the season . Prior to this win Chicago had lost four of their last five games . This was also the third game in four nights for the Bulls , making it an even more significant victory . The Toronto Raptors came out strong , with a 32 - 23 first quarter . The Bulls then came to life and out - scored the Raptors 81 - 65 the rest of the way , snapping the Raptors short , two - game win streak . Kyle Lowry led the Raptors with a strong 28 - point ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , nine assist , six rebound and three steal performance , in 40 minutes . DeMar DeRozan was also solid , coming close to a triple - double , with 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 5 - 8 FT ) , eight rebounds and eight assists , in 35 minutes . DeMarre Carroll was back in the starting lineup after coming off the bench in his first game back from injury . Carroll finished with 10 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and four rebounds , in 24 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas was back in the lineup but came off the bench , in his first game back after being out with a broken hand . Valanciunas chipped in nine points , four rebounds and two blocks , in 20 minutes . Chicago had a great 51 - point contribution from their bench . They also had five players score in double digits , including three who scored at least 20 . Pau Gasol finished with 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds , three assists , three blocks and one steal , in 30 minutes . Tony Snell also poured in 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , in 27 minutes off the bench . Derrick Rose was solid , finishing with 20 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , four assists , one rebound and one block , in 28 minutes . Aaron Brooks was a huge spark off the bench , scoring three and - one 's in the second quarter alone . He finished with 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) . Doug McDermott sat this one out with a sore knee . Next the Bulls will host the Pacers on Wednesday night , in another big Eastern Conference match up . The Raptors will also be in action on Wednesday , when they host the Washington Wizards .
The Chicago Bulls ( 18 - 12 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 18 - 13 ) 102 - 100 in overtime on Wednesday . The game was a tale of two halves , with Chicago building a 50 - 40 lead by intermission , largely on the strength of a second period in which they outscored the visitors 29 - 19 . However , Indiana came out of the locker room ready to play catch - up in the third period , and clawed all the way back to take a 91 - 89 lead on a Monta Ellis layup with 31 seconds remaining in regulation . Jimmy Butler then made a clutch driving layup for the Bulls at the 25 - second mark to knot things up at 91 . Following Ellis ' missed 30 - foot three - point attempt with one second remaining , the contest went into the extra period . `` Jimmy Buckets '' was the hero again for the home team in the `` fifth quarter '' by notching four points , including a game - winning tip - in with 1 seconds remaining to seal the hard - fought victory . The Pacers ' attack was spearheaded by George Hill , who tallied 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists and four steals . Paul George continued his recent string of sluggish performances , collecting 19 points on 7 of 20 shooting , including 3 of 9 from three - point range . It was notably the fifth time in the last six games that George shot under 40 percent from the field , and the tenth time overall in December . Ellis was able to pitch in 13 points and add five assists , a rebound and a pair of steals , while Lavoy Allen posted a double - double in a rare start , collecting 10 points and hauling in 12 boards . Rodney Stuckey led the Indiana reserves with a 13 - point outing . The Pacers fell to 18 - 13 and into third place behind the Bulls in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home for a New Year 's Eve showdown with the Milwaukee Bucks . Butler finished with an outstanding 28 points , and added four rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . He notably visited the free - throw line 13 times , draining 11 of those attempts successfully . Pau Gasol had a relatively subdued but efficient double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds . He also added three blocks and a sole assist , which came on Butler 's game - winning shot . While no other starter was able to get into double - digits scoring - wise , two very productive performances off the bench were crucial to Chicago 's cause . With Derrick Rose sitting with a sore hamstring , Aaron Brooks showed he had the hot hand early despite yielding the start to Kirk Hinrich , and ended up playing a robust 41 minutes . Brooks tallied a season - high 29 points , and was successful on four of his seven three - point tries . While he did turn the ball over six times , he provided some badly - needed scoring punch in Rose 's stead . 2015 first - round pick Bobby Portis also pitched in significantly off the bench with 16 points , seven rebounds , a steal and a block . The Bulls improved to 18 - 12 and are now in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division.They remain home for a New Year 's Day matchup against the Knicks .
The Chicago Bulls ( 21 - 12 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 14 - 23 ) 117 - 106 at the United Center in Chicago on Tuesday . The game opened on a 100 Chicago run , and the Bulls never trailed en route to their fifth straight victory . The home team shot 55 percent from the field and made all 20 of their free throws in an efficient performance , dropping Milwaukee 's road record to 5 - 16 in the process . Head coach Fred Hoiberg 's team has scored at least 98 points in 13 straight contests . Chicago 's starters carried a heavily load in the victory , accounting for 99 of the team 's 117 points . Jimmy Butler led the way for the home team with 32 points and a season - high 10 assists , and Pau Gasol contributed a second straight double - double with 26 points and 11 rebounds . Taj Gibson recored a season - high six blocks to go with 11 points and 14 rebounds , while Derrick Rose and Nikola Mirotic rounded out the starting lineup 's strong game by scoring 16 and 14 points , respectively . The Bucks suffered a second straight loss despite every member of the starting five scoring in double digits . Khris Middleton continued his recent offensive surge with a team - high 26 points , and point guard Michael Carter-Williams shot an efficient 9 - for - 14 with 20 points and 12 assists . Jabari Parker 's solid 11 - point and seven - rebound outing was overshadowed by a minus - 21 rating , while Greg Monroe 's 5 - for - 18 shooting night did n't stop the center from racking up a double - double with 13 points and 12 rebounds . The Bulls will play a second straight home game Thursday against the Celtics , while the Bucks are off until Friday 's home tilt with the Mavericks .
The Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 12 ) took care of business on their home court Thursday night , as they defeated the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 17 ) at United Center , 101 - 92 Trailing 43 - 33 with 3:58 to go in the second quarter , the Bulls kicked it into high gear to end the half , closing the quarter with a 15 - 4 run to take a 48 - 47 halftime lead . Nikola Mirotic chipped in eight of the 15 points of the Bulls run on three field goals , including two deep three - pointers . The Bulls continued with a 13 - 2 run to open the third quarter and would n't relinquish the lead for the rest of the contest . The Bulls were powered by a pair of double - doubles from Pau Gasol ( 17 points , 18 rebounds ) and Jimmy Butler , who led all scorers with 19 points and dished 10 assists . All five Bulls starters scored at least 10 points , including Derrick Rose , who chipped in 18 on a crisp 9 - 16 shooting . The Bulls bench chipped in from the three - point line , as Tony Snell , Doug McDermott and Kirk Hinrich combined to knock down seven of the team 's nine three - pointers , helping the team shoot 41 percent from the three - point line . Jae Crowder led the Celtics with 17 points despite a poor 6 - 17 shooting night . His shooting woes were contagious , as Boston struggled to connect as a team . Amir Johnson , who scored 12 points on a 6 - 8 shooting night , was the only Celtic to shoot at least 50 percent , and the team shot just 35 - 98 ( 36 percent ) from the floor . Jared Sullinger was a bright spot , as he came off the bench to score 13 points and grab 11 rebounds in only 25 minutes . The Celtics have now lost four of five and remain on the road for their next contest Sunday in Memphis . The Bulls extended their winning streak to six and will look to extend it Saturday in Atlanta .
The Miami Heat ( 24 - 21 ) picked up an Eastern Conference road win over the Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 19 ) on Wednesday night at United Center , 89 - 84 . It was a slugfest , as neither team had their jump shots working . The two clubs combined to shoot a brutal 8 - 32 ( 25 percent ) from beyond the three - point line , and both teams finished under 30 percent from downtown . The Heat mustered just 12 points in the third quarter , but on a sluggish offensive night all - around , it was enough to keep them in the game . Heat star Dwayne Wade was one of the few players to score efficiently and the only one to top 20 points , as he poured in 28 on a sharp 11 - 21 shooting night to go with seven rebounds and five assists . Chris Bosh notched 18 points ( 8 - 16 ) and seven rebounds , and Justise Winslow stuffed the stat sheet off the bench as he provided eight points ( 3 - 4 FG ) , nine rebounds , four assists and two steals . Pau Gasol led the Bulls with a robust 19 - point , 17 - rebound night , his third consecutive double - double since he was held to just one point last Wednesday against Golden State . It was n't enough , however , as Jimmy Butler ( 13 points , 5 - 15 shooting ) was the only other Bulls starter to get into double - digit scoring , and the club shot a brutal 40 percent from the floor . Derrick Rose managed just four points in 13 minutes as he was forced to leave with lower back and hamstring injuries . The Heat continue their road trip Tuesday in Brooklyn . The Bulls head on the road for a Thursday game against the Lakers .
The sliding Chicago Bulls ( 28 - 26 ) bounced back for a 116 - 106 win over the red - hot Toronto Raptors ( 35 - 18 ) on Friday night . Chicago , still without star guard Jimmy Butler ( knee ) , has fallen in the Eastern Conference standings . Once rivaling Cleveland for top of the conference , Chicago started February 1 - 6 and remains at risk for losing a playoff spot . Friday 's win certainly helps the Bulls ' case , however , as they were able to upend the dominant Toronto Raptors . Sophomore Doug McDermott came up big for the Bulls , scoring a career - high 30 points on 13 - for - 17 shooting . `` McBuckets '' played big minutes due to the absence of Chicago 's All-Star wing , and he did not crack under the pressure . The Creighton alumni did not turn over the ball in 31 minutes of play . Former MVP Derrick Rose continued his hot start to 2016 , pouring in 26 points on solid 12 - for - 20 shooting . The Raptors came into the All-Star break as one of the NBA 's hottest teams , but faltered in Chicago on Friday . While every starter reached double - digits , their bench combined for just nine points with no backup contributing more than two . The second unit went a combined 4 - for - 15 in what was a disastrous bench performance from the Raps . The starters , however , came up big for Toronto , with Kyle Lowry , Jonas Valanciunas , and DeMar DeRozan posting 27 , 25 , and 22 respectively . Valanciunas added 12 rebounds for one of his biggest nights of the season . Both teams will host Western Conference opponents on Sunday . Chicago will host the struggling Lakers , while the Raptors are scheduled to take on the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Chicago Bulls ( 31 - 30 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 30 - 32 ) 108 - 100 in All-Star Jimmy Butler 's first game back from injury . Butler posted 24 points , 11 rebounds , and six assists to help lead the Bulls past the struggling Rockets . Butler was one of the NBA 's hottest players in January before missing an extended period of time , allowing the Bulls to slip out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture . Butler was not the biggest story , however , as big man Pau Gasol led the team with 28 points and 17 rebounds . The star also notched pairs of blocks and steals on the defensive end , ultimately dominating the low post enough to push Chicago over the top on Saturday . 36 points from James Harden did n't make a difference on Saturday , as the Rockets fell to the faltering Bulls . The All-Star delivered five rebounds and eight assists as well , but could not compensate for the rest of his team 's struggles . Center Dwight Howard in particular had issues , posting just eight points and being completely outmatched by the Bulls ' Gasol . 2014 - 15 's second seed now finds itself fighting to maintain a spot in the playoffs as the NBA reached its final stretch . The Rockets will visit Toronto on Sunday , while the Bulls will host Milwaukee on Monday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 35 - 33 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 33 - 36 ) 92 - 85 on Saturday . The Bulls showed the mettle of the playoff - caliber team they aspire to be , grinding out a tough victory against one of the best defensive units in the league . With Pau Gasol ( knee ) sitting out the contest , Cristiano Felicio stepped into the starting five for the first time . The 23 - year - old only tallied 12 minutes , but Nikola Mirotic made vital contributions off the bench in extended opportunity . Taj Gibson also tallied a double - double , and Derrick Rose spearheaded the Bulls ' attack on the night with a team - leading 22 points to lead Chicago to a second consecutive victory . Derrick Favors led Utah with 24 points , six rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Shelvin Mack followed with 15 points , eight assists , five rebounds and a steal . Rodney Hood was next in line with 14 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal , as the only other Jazz player who managed double - digit points . Utah remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently one game behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Sunday . Rose added four assists and three rebounds to his team - high scoring total . Gibson was next in line with 15 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Jimmy Butler followed with 13 points , six assists and five rebounds . Mirotic paced the reserves with 15 points , six rebounds , three assists and two blocks . The Bulls are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and have possession of the eighth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again versus the Sacramento Kings on Monday night .
The Chicago Bulls ( 42 - 40 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 10 - 72 ) in the season finale Wednesday night at United Center , 115 - 105 . Philadelphia exploded out of the gate , scoring 32 points in the first quarter and 60 poitns in the first half , enough to take a nine - point lead into the break . But the 76ers offense completely collapsed in the third quarter , as Philadelphia notched just 13 points in the frame and saw their nine - point lead turn into a 13 - point deficit , a big enough swing for the Bulls to coast to the finish line . The three - pointers were flying all day in this one , as the two teams combined to make 32 of their 59 attempts , a ridiculous 54 shooting percentage from downtown for the two squads . Nikola Mirotic knocked down seven three - pointers en route to a 32 - point night to lead all scorers . Jrue Holiday hit five threes of his own and finished with 29 points , and Jimmy Butler notched a triple - double with 10 points , 12 rebounds , and 10 assists . Chicago shot just 42 percent from inside the arc but made 15 of their 24 three - pionters ( 63 percent ) , a relentless barrage that inevitably sunk the 76ers . Robert Covington led the 76ers with six three - poinit makes and 27 points . Jerian Grant finished with 20 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3PT , 4 - 6 FT ) and Hollis Thompson came off the bench to add 21 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3PT , 2 - 3 FT ) . The 76ers shot well from three - point land ( 17 - 35 , 49 percent ) but were destroyed on the glass , as they managed just four offensive rebounds and were outrebounded overall 53 - 31 . Both clubs have been eliminated from postseason contention .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 6 - 1 ) were able to stave off a late fourth - quarter surge from the Indiana Pacers ( 3 - 4 ) , winning 101 - 97 . Cleveland power forward Kevin Love dominated the glass against the thin Indiana froncourt , totalling 19 rebounds to go with 22 points and three blocks . Cavs Star LeBron James had a similarly dominant game , tallying 29 points , six rebounds , and four assists . Cleveland 's win marks the sixth in a row for the Eastern-Conference powerhouse , despite the absence of All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving ( knee ) . Indiana small forward Paul George continued his stretch of dominance against LeBron and the Cavs . George , coming off a 36 - point , 12 - rebound performance against the Heat , delivered a game - high 32 points to go with 11 rebounds and six assists . The All-Star missed the 2014 - 15 season with a fractured leg , but has n't skipped a beat in his return , averaging 23 points , 9 rebounds , and 5 assists per game through seven games so far this season . Indiana will look to recover from the loss as they take on the Magic at home in the second half of their back - to - back . Meanwhile , the red - hot Cavs will look to stretch their streak to seven games as they take on the Jazz on Tuesday in Cleveland .
The Cavaliers ( 19 - 7 ) held off the Knicks ( 14 - 16 ) for a 91 - 84 victory at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . The Knicks fought tough , but were unable to handle the Cavaliers stifling defense , particularly in the fourth quarter in which New_York managed just 12 points . Iman Shumpert did an excellent job defending locking down Aaron Afflalo , while LeBron James and Kevin Love each poured in 23 points . Cleveland padded its lead in the Eastern Conference standings with a sixth straight win - - the Cavaliers longest winning streak of the season was eight games earlier in the season . It was a solid effort from the Knicks without All-Star forward Carmelo Anthony , who was sidelined due to an ankle injury , thought he was expected to play earlier in the day after shootaround . In Anthony 's stead , New_York turned to rookie Kristaps Porzingus , who poured in a team - high 23 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting to go along with 13 rebounds . It was a nice bounce - back game for Porzingus , as the young big man had n't scored more than 20 points since Dec. 7 against the Mavericks . He also set a new career high with four 3 - pointers made . The Cavaliers received a big boost with Kyrie Irving returning to the lineup Sunday against the 76ers , but the superstar point guard has n't been very effective . He played just 19 minutes Wednesday and was limited to five points on 1 - of - 7 shooting from the field . It 's still only been two games since Irving 's return , so chances are he 'll need a few more contests to get back into the swing of things , which the Cavaliers can certainly afford considering how well they 've played lately . Tristan Thompson posted his fifth double - double of the season with 10 points and 14 rebounds .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 22 - 9 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 15 ) 104 - 79 on Saturday . The Cavaliers came into the contest tied with the Heat as the stingiest Eastern Conference team in terms of points allowed , yielding only 95 per game . They further cemented their reputation with a suffocation of the Magic 's offense , preventing their starting five from producing a single double - digit scorer . The Cavs made life miserable for Orlando shooting - wise , as the visitors could only muster a 38 percent success rate from the field , and 24 percent figure from beyond the arc . On the offensive end , Cleveland also took excellent care of the ball , committing only six turnovers in contrast to the 14 they forced from the Magic . Orlando was actually led by Aaron Gordon 's 11 points off the bench , which he complemented with seven rebounds and a pair of assists . A pair of 10 - point tallies from Shabazz Napier and Mario Hezonja , who were also in reserve roles , served as the next highest totals . The former added four rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter contributed six boards and three assists . Evan Fournier 's nine points paced the starting five , a group that bottomed out with a scoreless effort from Elfrid Payton over 16 minutes . The Magic dropped to 19 - 15 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They next head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Monday night . LeBron James led the charge for the home team , totaling 29 points , five rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Kyrie Irving played a highly efficient 21 minutes while serving as the second - highest scorer on the night , pouring in 13 points and adding five assists and a pair of rebounds . The frontcourt tandem of Tristan Thompson and Kevin Love put together a pair of 10 - point double - doubles that were supplemented with 12 and 13 boards , respectively . James Jones came off the bench to pace the Cleveland reserves with 10 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Cavaliers improved to 22 - 9 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They are home again on Monday to take on the Toronto Raptors .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 23 - 9 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 21 - 15 ) 122 - 100 on Monday . Already known for their suffocating defense , the Cavaliers flipped the switch on another aspect of their game Monday , one that should put the rest of the league on notice . Cleveland caught fire from the field and turned into Warriors East for the evening , knocking down 55 percent of their attempts from the field and an outstanding 52 percent of the 33 they took from beyond the arc . The Cavs ' starting five impressively drained 13 long - range buckets , with the reserves pitching in another four . Their sharpshooting resulted in a season - high 122 points for Cleveland , who pulled away from the Raptors in the second half by winning the final two quarters by a pair of 32 - 22 margins . The visitors were led by Kyle Lowry 's 23 - point , 10 - assist double - double , his third straight such performance . He supplemented the effort with four rebounds , a pair of steals and a block . Partner in crime and backcourt mate DeMar DeRozan was right behind Lowry with 19 points , four assists , a pair of rebounds and a steal . The remaining members of the starting five managed modest - to - subpar efforts , with Jonas Valanciunas ' nine points and eight rebounds serving as the most notable . Patrick Patterson paced the Raptors bench with 15 points . Toronto fell to 21 - 15 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Wednesday . Cleveland 's formidable attack was spearheaded by Kyrie Irving , who can be officially considered back to full strength . The 23 - year - old played a season - high 29 minutes and was highly productive with them , pouring in a season - best 25 points , dishing out eight assists and hauling in six boards . J.R. Smith pitched in with a 24 - point effort that consisted exclusively of three - pointers , while LeBron James managed 20 points , seven assists , a pair of rebounds and three steals . Kevin Love and Tristan Thompson rounded out a stellar night for the starters with a pair of 14 - point efforts , totals that were complemented with nine and 11 rebounds , respectively . Matthew Dellavedova led the reserves with 11 points , four assists and three rebounds over 25 minutes . The Cavaliers improved to 23 - 9 and continue atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 31 - 12 ) held on Wednesday night to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 32 ) at Quicken Loans Arena , 114 - 107 . The Cavaliers took an eight - point lead into the fourth quarter and led by as many as 15 in the final frame , but a furious comeback effort by the Wolves closed the gap to 94 - 91 with just 6:5 to go . The Cavaliers responded with a 70 run that seemed like it would ice the game for sure , but another run from the Timberwolves closed the gap to 110 - 107 with just 16 seconds to play . A pair of LeBron James free throws and two missed three - pointers by the Wolves on the other end finally sealed the win for Cleveland . James finished with 25 points to lead the Cavaliers on a brutally efficient 11 - 15 shooting night . He completed his offensive dominance with a game - high nine assists , and he added four rebounds , a steal and a block . Tristan Thompson was a wrecking ball inside , as he scored 19 points on 8 - 10 shooting and pulled down 12 rebounds ( seven offensive ) . Matthew Dellevadova scored 18 as he knocked down four three - pointers , and he added seven assists to serve as a spark off the bench . Karl-Anthony Towns was fantastic in the losing effort , as he scored 26 points on 11 - 16 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds for his third double - double in the past four contests . Andrew Wiggins added 20 and Zach Lavine came off the bench with an electric 21 points , six assists and four rebounds . The Wolves just could n't get anything going from the three - point line - - 4 - 16 compared to Cleveland 's 11 - 31 - - and that proved to be the difference . Minnesota will return home to face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday . Cleveland continues their homestand Wednesday against Phoenix .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 32 - 12 ) extended their lead on the Eastern Conference with a 115 - 93 home win over the plummeting Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 33 ) . In their third game since firing coach David Blatt , the Cavs ran circles around the struggling Suns on both ends of the floor . Cleveland shot a whopping 56 percent from the field while sinking 11 three - pointers and simultaneously forcing 22 Phoenix turnovers . The team recorded an impressive 34 total assists , including nine from star LeBron James . In addition to his role as distributor , LeBron scored a highly efficient 21 points on 7 for 8 shooting from the field and 7 of 7 at the line . Power forward Kevin Love , who has been the subject of many trade rumors of late , also posted 21 points along with 11 rebounds , four assists , two steals , and two blocks . Phoenix has been struggling mightily lately , winning just two of its last 19 games . With star point guard Eric Bledsoe out for the season due to a torn meniscus , the Suns have given the reigns to their young core of players . Rookie Devin Booker has shone in a starting role , and Wednesday was no exception . Booker posted 16 points , three rebounds , and five assists , and turned the ball over just twice in 34 minutes . The Suns will have a day off before traveling to Madison Square Garden to take on the Knicks on Friday night . The Cavs , meanwhile , visit Central-Division foe Detroit on Friday .
Avery Bradley hit a game - winning three - pointer at the buzzer as the Boston Celtics ( 30 - 22 ) stunned the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 35 - 16 ) on their home court on Friday , 104 - 103 . The Celtics have won eight of their last nine . The young squad has been one of the hottest team 's in the NBA in the new year , and is tied for third in the East . All-Star Isaiah Thomas led the scoring effort against the Cavs , finishing with 22 points . Of course , it was guard Bradley who was the star of the show . Bradley played hard - nosed defense and finished with 14 points including the deep game - winner . After five straight wins , the Cavs have now stumbled a bit , dropping their last two contests . Cleveland shocked the league by firing head coach David Blatt despite sitting atop the Eastern Conference standings . Cleveland is now just a single game ahead of Toronto , and is just 5 - 3 under coach Tyronn Lue . Even in the loss , however , star LeBron James shone . James led the game with 30 points and added seven rebounds to the dominant performance . JR Smith also lit it up from the field , dropping in 20 points on the night . Boston will host Sacramento on Sunday afternoon . The Cavs , meanwhile , face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 38 - 14 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 44 ) 120 - 111 on Wednesday . The new - look Cavaliers are certainly playing up in pace under new coach Tyronn Lue , but an unintended consequence of their more prolific offense has been increased vulnerability on defense . Cleveland has been giving opposing teams extra possessions under their more aggressive style , resulting in some uncharacteristic shootouts in recent games that have them looking a bit like Warriors East . Such was the case Wednesday , with the Lakers managing one of their best scoring hauls of the season . Both teams shot well from the field and behind the arc , but the Cavs were just a tad more effective and also took better care of the ball . Cleveland was guilty of only seven turnovers on the night , as compared to 11 for Los_Angeles . The home squad also managed 51 percent accuracy from the field overall and 42 percent from three - point range , while the Lakers posted respective 44 and 46 percent tallies in those categories . The visiting Lakers were led by Louis Williams , who totaled 28 points , four rebounds , two assists and a block . The steady Jordan Clarkson was next in line with 22 points , seven assists , six rebounds and a steal . Kobe Bryant , making his final visit to Cleveland , compiled 17 points , six rebounds , three assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell led the reserves with 15 points , three assists , two rebounds and two steals . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 're back in action for the first time after the All-Star break on Friday , February 19th at home versus the San Antonio Spurs . Kyrie Irving continued a recent stretch of outstanding play in leading the Cavs ' attack , supplying 35 points , seven assists , three rebounds and two steals . LeBron James registered a double - double , amassing 29 points and dishing out 11 assists . He also hauled in seven boards and recorded a steal . Tristan Thompson got the starting call at center and contributed a double - double of his own , compiling 15 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and a block . Anderson Varejao paced the Cleveland bench with eight points and six rebounds . Cleveland heads into the All-Star break comfortably atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They get back on the court Thursday , February 18th in a home matchup with the Chicago Bulls .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 17 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 38 - 26 ) 120 - 103 , Saturday night at Quicken Loans Arena . Boston got out to a quick start with a 35 - 22 first quarter and for a while looked like they might run away with the game . However , Cleveland snapped back into form and dominated the rest of the way , outscoring the Celtics , 98 - 68 throughout the final three quarters . This was an important statement game for the Cavs on their home floor against the high - octane Celtics , who came in winners of their previous five . The Cavs snapped Boston 's win streak and added to their own , which now stands at three games . LeBron James led the way for Cleveland with a near triple - double , including 28 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 9 FT ) , 11 rebounds and eight assists , along with two steals and one block , in 36 minutes . In addition to LeBron 's large contribution , the Cavs had seven other players score in double digits . Kyrie Irving was the next highest scorer with 20 points , along with his four assists and three rebounds , while J.R. Smith chipped in 14 points , three rebounds and three assits . Cleveland shot 51 percent from the field and dished out 27 assists en route to the win . The Celtics were not able to keep up on the second night of a back - to - back , despite shooting a respectable 46 percent from the field and 43 percent from deep . Isaiah Thomas led Boston in scoring with 27 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , along with four assists and three rebounds , in 34 minutes . Jared Sullinger was solid as he tallied a double - double with 17 points and 13 rebounds , in 31 minutes . Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder chipped in another 12 points each , while the bench added 27 . The Celtics sit just a couple of games ahead of Miami and will need to get back to their winning ways as soon as possible in the crowded East . Next , Boston hosts the Grizzlies on Wednesday . However , Cleveland will host the Grizzlies first , on Monday .
The shorthanded Memphis Grizzlies ( 38 - 25 ) shocked the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 18 ) in a 106 - 103 win on Monday . Memphis was projected to lose by 10 with all their regulars , but won this game with all those players sitting . That spread skyrocketed to 15 points once it was announced that Memphis would be without Zach Randolph , Marc Gasol , Mike Conley and Matt Barnes for this game . The backups somehow pulled out a miraculous win , thanks to forcing the Cavaliers to commit 25 turnovers , while committing just 16 of their own . Memphis started off hot , as they scored 33 points in the first quarter to take an eight - point lead . Memphis got some heroic performances tonight in a showcase win . Tony Allen was especially good , as he tallied 26 points , four assists and five steals in the win for the third - highest point total of his career . Mario Chalmers filled in for Mike Conley admirably , as he accumulated 17 points , seven assists , four rebounds and four steals . JaMychal Green totaled 16 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and four steals of his own . Lance Stephenson gave the team a nice spark off the bench as well , as he scored 17 points and snatched down seven rebounds in the victory . On deck for the Grizzlies is a matchup against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday . This was arguably the worst loss of the season for Cleveland and there will surely be plenty spoken about this bad defeat . LeBron James was one of the few motivated players , as he tallied 28 points , nine rebounds and five assists in the loss . Kyrie Irving also played well , as he amassed 28 points , five assists and four steals . The Cavaliers start a four - game West Coast trip on Wednesday against the Sacramento Kings in their next matchup .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 48 - 19 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 34 ) 99 - 98 on Wednesday . As part of a plan to keep starters fresh for the playoffs , LeBron James was given the night off by coach Tyronn Lue , placing a greater degree of responsibility on fellow superstar Kyrie Irving . The All-Star guard , as he often did prior to James ' return at the start of last season , largely placed the offense on his shoulders , but it was a key defensive play on his part that helped seal the victory . Irving totaled a game - high 33 points , and added five rebounds , an assist , a block and a steal with 3 seconds left on a pass intended for Dirk Nowitzki . He was fouled right after swiping the ball , and sunk two decisive free throws to provide just enough cushion to withstand Deron Williams ' three - pointer at the buzzer and still allow Cleveland to walk away victorious . Kevin Love pitched in with a strong effort of his own to support Iriving , tallying 23 points , 18 rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . J.R. Smith was next with 13 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals . Channing Frye continued his strong play off the bench , pacing the reserves with 14 points , three rebounds and a steal . Tristan Thompson , drawing the start at center , notably went scoreless over 37 minutes but did haul in eight rebounds and dish out two assists . The Cavs continue atop both the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and the conference as a whole . They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday . The Mavs were led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from two of their big men . Nowitzki paced the starters that point total , and added four rebounds , three assists and three blocks . David Lee led the reserves his tally , and supplemented the scoring with three rebounds and an assist . J.J. Barea was the only other Dallas player - - starter or reserve - - to manage double - digit scoring , supplying 17 points , four assists and three rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench . The Mavs are currently in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are hanging on to the eighth seed in the conference for the time being as well . They 're home again Friday to face the Golden State Warriors .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 50 - 20 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 29 - 42 ) 124 - 91 on Monday . Even without Kevin Love ( illness ) , the Cavs had no trouble exerting their will on a considerably inferior Nuggets squad , and clinching a division title in the process . LeBron James had been fairly quiet in recent games by his standards , but stepped up his role in the offense without Love in the lineup . LeBron managed his second triple - double of the season , posting 33 points , eleven rebounds and eleven assists . Cleveland outperformed Denver in every major category , and played an outstanding defensive game overall . They also managed a 56 percent success rate from the field , and a 48 percent figure from three - point range . The Nuggets were paced by a spectacular effort off the bench from Will Barton , who managed 27 points , four rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Nikola Jokic and Gary Harris led the starters , but it was only with a pair of 11 - point efforts . The former also added four rebounds , three assists and three steals , while the latter managed a pair of rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . No other member of the first unit tallied double - digit points , but Jusuf Nurkic did pitch in with 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists , a steal and three blocks in 26 minutes off the bench . Denver remains in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and 7 games behind eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They 're home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday . J.R. Smith followed James ' effort with 15 points , five assists , four rebounds and four steals . Channing Frye filled in admirably for Love , producing 14 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Matthew Dellavedova paced the bench with 10 points , seven assists and three rebounds . The Cavaliers remain atop the Eastern Conference , with a slim 2 game lead over the Toronto Raptors . They 're home again against the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 55 - 22 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 44 - 32 ) 112 - 103 on Sunday . As he 's done on so many other occasions , LeBron James took the reins of the Cavaliers offense in a crucial game . With Kyrie Irving sitting out with an injured ankle , James led the way for Cleveland with a game - high 31 points , and added 12 assists , eight rebounds and a pair of steals . He was far from the only contributor however , as J.R. Smith and Kevin Love also notably stepped up in the absence of their All-Star point guard . The victory helped the Cavs open up a 4 - game lead over the idle Toronto Raptors for the top seed in the Eastern Conference with five games to play . Cleveland will have to keep their knife sharpened for at least a couple of more contests , as their remaining games include four opponents who will be fighting for playoff position . The Hornets ' attack was spearheaded by Kemba Walker , who pitched in with 29 points , seven assists , six rebounds , four steals and a block . The standout point guard compiled 21 of those points in the second half . Marvin Williams followed with a bounce - back effort after a couple of down performances , tallying 22 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Courtney Lee was next with 11 points , three assists , a rebound , three steals and a block . Jeremy Lin paced the reserves with 14 points , three rebounds and an assist . Charlotte has clinched a playoff spot and is presently tied for second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , while also currently being slotted in the sixth seed . They visit the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night . Smith followed James ' effort with a season - high 27 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , three assists and a steal . His point total included six three - pointers in nine attempts from beyond the arc . Meanwhile , Love posted a near double - double with 25 points , nine rebounds , four assists and a block , while draining five treys himself . In all , Cleveland shot 54 percent ( 16 - for - 29 ) from long distance . The Cavaliers head to Milwaukee for a Tuesday night tilt with the Bucks .
Boston held off Philadelphia 's strong start and claimed a resounding 112 - 95 victory in their home opener . The third pick of the 2015 draft , Jahlil Okafor , was the story of the game in his debut . He put up 26 points and seven rebounds on 10 - 16 shooting from the field and 6 - 6 from the line . The rookie also committed eight turnovers . Unfortunately , his effort was n't enough to keep the 76ers in the game . The other bright spot for the 76ers was second year forward Nerlens Noel , who filled up the stat sheet with 14 points , 12 rebounds , two assists , three steals , and two blocks in 35 minutes . Isaiah Canaan also chipped in 18 points and 7 rebounds . Philadelphia will welcome Utah into town Friday , and will look for their first win of the season . Isaiah Thomas led the way for Boston off the bench with 27 points and seven assists in 29 minutes of action . The Celtics front court looks to be a fluid situation to start the season with Tyler Zeller starting but only playing 10 minutes . Jared Sullinger and Amir Johnson played 21 and 20 minutes respectively off the bench , while newly aquired David Lee started and played 22 minutes . Boston will play at home again Friday versus Toronto and look to start the season 20 .
The Toronto Raptors ( 20 ) were able to pull away on the road from the Boston Celtics ( 1 - 1 ) in the second half of Friday’s game , winning by a score of 113 - 103 . The two teams were dead even through the first two quarters , as the score was tied 26 - 26 after the first 12 minutes and 54 - 54 at halftime . However , the Raptors eventually used an 80 run in the third quarter to gain separation from the opposition , and maintained that advantage over the final 15 minutes . Terrence Ross was a star performer off the bench for Toronto , notching 21 points on 8 - for - 12 shooting . DeMarre Carroll knocked down four three - pointers to finish with 21 points , while Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan both shook off poor shooting nights to combine for 37 points . The Celtics were undone by the lack of scoring from their starting unit , as only two of the five starters reached double figures in scoring . That offensive deficiency was further exacerbated by the team’s ineffectiveness on the glass , with Toronto outrebounding Boston by a 53 - 38 count . For the second straight game , the Celtics leaned on Isaiah Thomas to drive the offense , and the guard didn’t disappoint with a team - leading 25 points and seven assists . Amir Johnson chipped in 11 points and eight boards off the bench , while fellow frontcourt reserve Kelly Olynyk contributed 11 points of his own . Toronto’s next game will come at home Sunday versus Milwaukee , while Boston will enjoy another home date that same day against San Antonio .
In their first of two matchups against the Boston Celtics ( 1 - 2 ) this season , the San_Antonio Spurs prevailed with a 95 - 87 win in Boston . First-year Spur LaMarcus Aldridge led the charge with 24 points , 12 rebounds , and five assists . The All-Star forward took advantage of the weak play of the Celtics ' big men , also tallying a block and a steal in 35 minutes of play . The game was a bounceback for Aldridge , who posted scoring totals of 11 and 10 in his first two games . San_Antonio 's froncourt was also bolstered by the performance of 24 - year - old forward Kawhi Leonard , who totaled 19 points and five rebounds to go along with a pair of steals and a block . Despite falling behind early , Boston was able to remain within reach throughout the game , due largely to the performances of a number of bench players . Backup big men Amir Johnson and Jared Sullinger provided a spark of the bench , recording ten points apiece . While sixth man Isaiah Thomas struggled with his shot , he was still able to contribute as a distributor , notching five assists in the game . The team as a whole had issues with efficiency , as they shot just 36 percent from the field through four quarters . Despite their rough shooting night , sophomore guard Marcus Smart proved a diamond in the rough for Boston , posting 17 points and showing off his highly - touted defense with four steals . The Spurs will look to carry the momentum from this game into Monday , as they take on the Knicks in New York . Boston , meanwhile , will enjoy two days of rest before taking to the road against Indiana on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 3 - 4 ) 102 - 91 on Wednesday at the TD Garden in Boston . In a relatively sloppy game with 37 combined turnovers , it was the Pacers who were able to come into Boston and steal an 11 - point victory . They were the superior shooters as a team , going 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics shot just 41 percent from the field and a paltry 17 percent from beyond the arc . With the higher shooting percentages , as well as a 41 - 36 rebounding advantage , the Pacers were able to seal the win . Paul George 's re - emergence this season coninued Wednesday with a 26 - point ( 10 - 22 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 10 - rebound performance . George sat out all but six games last season with a broken leg , but is now putting up career numbers to start the year , averaging 24 points , 9 rebounds , 5 assists and 2 steals over 36 minutes per game . The double - double also marked his fifth on the young season already , so George is showing some serious production . C.J. Miles saw extended time with Rodney Stuckey out due to an ankle injury . He took advantage of the extra minutes , scoring 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and two steals . In injury related news , the Pacers did see one of their top young prospects leave the game . Rookie Myles Turner suffered a sprained thumb in the first quarter and was forced to sit out the rest of the game . Marcus Smart made his much anticipated return to the court after sitting out the last three games due to a toe injury . Coach Brad Stevens had him come off the bench , where he struggled to just eight points ( 1 - 6 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) and two assists over 21 minutes . Considering Avery Bradley was sidelined with a leg injury as well , Isaiah Thomas and Evan Turner were the make - shift backcourt for the Celtics . They were the most productive players on the court , as Turner finished with 20 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and three assists , while Thomas added 14 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and four assists . The 20 points were a season high for Turner , who 's now scored in double figures in four straight games . Jared Sullinger chipped in with an 11 - point ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , 11 - rebound double - double as well . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Celtics will remain at home in a matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 23 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 18 - 15 ) 100 - 97 on Saturday . Brooklyn , which had only three road victories this season , got a rare road win against the Celtics . The Nets largely accomplished their unlikely feat by going through the weak spot of the Celtics ' otherwise formidable defense , the frontcourt . As has often been the case this season , Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young dominated down low with a pair of double - double efforts . Lopez led all scorers with a season - high 30 points , and added 13 rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block for his sixth double - double in the last seven games . Meanwhile , Young contributed 16 points , 10 boards , an assist and a steal . The Nets impressively scored almost half of their points in the paint , collecting 46 near the basket on the afternoon , and also hauled in 50 rebounds . While Boston matched them in scoring down low and actually bested them by one board in the latter category , Lopez 's mammoth offensive showing played an integral role in allowing Brooklyn to escape with a hard - fought victory . Veteran Joe Johnson was the third Brooklyn starter to turn in a notable effort , posting 20 points on 9 of 19 shooting . It was somewhat of a breakout game for the 15 - year veteran , who had not eclipsed the 20 - point mark since Dec. 8 against the Rockets , and who was also coming off three straight single - digit scoring outings . Bojan Bogdanovic contributed a solid 13 points and six rebounds , while Jarrett Jack , who was only able to muster two points but who did dish out nine assists , exited the game late in the third quarter with what is believed to be a right knee sprain at a minimum . Jack 's right leg appeared to buckle on a fast break opportunity , and the Nets will hold out hope for the best with respect to their veteran point guard . The Nets improved to 10 - 23 but remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now head home to face this same Celtics squad Monday in the second game of the teams ' home - and - home series . The Celtics struggled to find the basket all afternoon , particularly from long range . They could only manage 39 and 22 percent metrics , respectively , from the field and beyond the arc . Isaiah Thomas did lead the way with a solid 24 points , six assists , two rebounds and two steals over 36 minutes , and shot a respectable 10 - for - 22 . However , Thomas could only drain two of the nine three - point shots he attempted , and missed a 27 - footer with 14 seconds left that would have closed the Boston deficit to three at the time . The dependable Jae Crowder did pick up a technical for a scuffle with Jack , but also put up 16 points and hauled in seven boards . He also handed out three assists and recorded a pair of steals . While the other three starters could only muster single - digit scoring , Amir Johnson did supplement his seven points with 11 rebounds . Evan Turner and Marcus Smart paced the Boston reserves , who scored 41 as a group , with 12 and 11 points , respectively . Turner added seven rebounds and three assists , while Smart pitched in with three boards , an assist and three steals . Two of Smart 's thefts came in the final 19 seconds , but the Celtics were only able to convert those into two points in the form of a Turner field goal off the rebound of Thomas ' aforementioned three - point miss . Boston fell to 18 - 15 but remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They hit the road to for another go - around with the Nets at the Barclays Center on Monday .
The Boston Celtics ( 20 - 19 ) held on through a tight fourth quarter to earn a home win over the Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 17 ) Wednesday night at TD Garden , 103 - 94 . The final period featured three ties and three lead changes as the two teams remained within four points of each other until Boston took a 99 - 94 lead on an Isaiah Thomas layup with 31 seconds remaining . The Celtics scored the game 's final 12 points to foil a Pacers comeback attempt . Thomas scored a game - high 28 points behind a sharp 4 - 6 three - point shooting night , and he added four rebounds and three assists . Jae Crowder poured in 25 on a ruthlessly efficient 11 - 15 shooting night as he added three three - pointers of his own . The Celtics were spreading the ball around , as they recorded assists on 24 of their 40 made baskets and had four players with at least three dimes . Paul George led the Pacers with 23 points , but he shot a poor 7 - 20 from the floor and turned the ball over five times . Ian Mahinmi mustered a double - double with 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Pacers just could n't overcome their poor shooting , though , as they shot a brutal 5 - 30 from the three - point line ( 17 percent ) , including an 0 - 9 night from C.J. Miles . The Pacers have lost two of three and will look to turn it around Friday at home against Washington . Boston snapped a four - game losing streak and will continue a homestand against the Suns .
The Boston Celtics ( 21 - 19 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 28 ) 117 - 103 on Friday . If the Celtics could get balanced efforts like these across their roster on a consistent basis , they would likely sport an even better record . Virtually every Boston player seemed to be hitting on all cylinders Friday , with seven managing double - digit scoring . They also received a double - double and a triple - double from Jared Sullinger and Marcus Smart , respectively , and outperformed the visitors in every major offensive and defensive category . The Celtics cruised to a 68 - 47 halftime lead , before finishing things out in the second half for their largest margin of victory since Dec. 22 against the Timberwolves . The Suns ' leading scorer came from the bench , as Mirza Teletovic continued his solid stretch of offensive play . The power forward posted 22 points , two rebounds and an assist over 21 minutes , his seventh consecutive double - digit scoring performance . Brandon Knight was tops among the starters , collecting 16 points , four assists , two steals and a block . T.J. Warren and Sonny Weems were two more solid contributors off the bench , amassing 13 and 10 points , respectively . The latter was particularly proficient across the stat sheet , adding six rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals . Markieff Morris , back in the starting lineup , tallied nine points , nine rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Suns fell to 13 - 28 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They now head to Minnesota to face off with the Timberwolves on Sunday . Like the visitors , a reserve , Kelly Olynyk , spearheaded the Celtics ' attack , pouring in 21 points and hauling in nine rebounds . He added an assist , three steals and a block . Isaiah Thomas was productive against his former team , tallying 19 points , five assists and two rebounds . Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder posted a pair of 17 - point efforts , with the former supplementing his scoring with seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals , and the latter hauling in six boards , five assists , three steals and a pair of blocks . Sullinger 's contributions consisted of 11 points , 10 rebounds and a pair of assists . Amir Johnson rounded out the starters ' productive evening with 13 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal , while Smart stuffed the stat sheet by registering 10 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists , a pair of steals and a pair of blocks in a stellar performance off the bench . The Celtics improved to 21 - 19 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now head to Washington to take on the Wizards in a Saturday night showdown .
The Boston Celtics ( 31 - 22 ) earned a home win Sunday over the Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 30 ) at TD Garden , 128 - 119 . Sacramento scored the game 's first four points , but the Celtics immediately rattled off a 90 run to take a lead they never relinquished . Boston scored 46 points in a frantic first quarter and was brilliant offensively all day , as they shot a sharp 56 percent from the field and 55 percent from three . Boston 's starting backcourt powered the Celtics offense , as Avery Bradley led the team with 25 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 6 - 7 3PT ) and Isaiah Thomas ( 8 - 18 FG ) added 22 . Jared Sullinger ( 10 - 13 FG , 21 points ) and Tyler Zeller ( 6 - 8 FG , 17 points ) gave Boston an efficient inside attack as well . DeMarcus Cousins led the Kings with a game - high 31 points and added seven rebounds and six assists . Rajon Rondo scored 14 points and dished 15 assists and Willie Cauley-Stein scored 15 behind sharp 7 - 9 shooting from the field . But the Kings had no defensive answer for Boston and their brilliant shooting night . Boston will take to the road for a matchup Tuesday in Milwaukee . Sacramento 's road trip continues Monday against Cleveland .
Two of the NBA 's hottest teams met on Wednesday night as the Boston Celtics ( 32 - 23 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 35 - 18 ) in overtime , 139 - 134 . For Boston , the win was the second half of a back - to - back after Milwaukee snapped the team 's four - game win streak on Tuesday . Despite the demoralizing last - second loss , the Celtics were able to come out and play against the contending Los_Angeles Clippers the next day . It proved to be a point guard battle , as All-Star Isaiah Thomas led the team with a season - high 36 points while also dishing out 11 assists . Big man Jared Sullinger also had one of his strongest outings of the season , scoring 21 points on 10 - for - 15 shooting while also pulling down 11 rebounds and notching seven assists . While they got the win , the normally defense - oriented team allowed 134 points and let the Clippers convert 52 percent of shots from the field . Los_Angeles had won seven of their last eight headed into Wednesday 's contest . The absence of superstar Blake Griffin ( hand ) has n't stopped the Clippers from becoming one of the hottest teams in the NBA since the start of the new year . Much of their success can be attributed to veteran Chris Paul , who led the team again on Wednesday with 35 points and dished out 13 assists . Guard J.J. Redick also had a big night , scoring 27 points . Both teams will enjoy a long rest as the NBA heads into the All-Star break this weekend .
The Boston Celtics ( 39 - 27 ) took care of the shorthanded Memphis Grizzlies ( 38 - 26 ) in a 116 - 96 win on Wednesday . This game appeared to be lopsided on paper and that proved to be the case on the floor . The Celtics really took it to the Grizzlies in the second half , as they outscored them 64 - 4`.The key for Boston was the defense , as they held Memphis to 38 percent shooting and drew 19 turnovers in the win . Memphis won their last game against the Cleveland Cavaliers in a similar circumstance , but this was the result that was much more likely with such a limited roster . Once again , Mike Conley , Zach Randolph and Marc Gasol missed this game and it clearly hampered the Grizzlies . JaMychal Green got the start for Randolph and double - doubled in a 17 - point , 13 - rebound performance . Jarrell Martin and Vince Carter both played well off the bench , as they went for 33 points combined , despite much of that coming in garbage time . Mario Chalmers tallied 11 points , five rebounds and five assists before leaving with what looked like a leg injury after 21 minutes of play . On deck for Memphis is a matchup with the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday . Th Celtics came into this game as a double - digit favorite and didn’t disappoint . Seven players scored in double - figures for Boston , with 13 players playing in total . The team combined for 26 assists on 41 made shots . Isaiah Thomas led the team with 22 points in the win , despite playing under 30 minutes . Evan Turner continued his good form off the bench , as he amassed 16 points , four rebounds and eight assists in the win . Boston 's next game will be on Friday , when they host the Houston Rockets .
The Houston Rockets ( 33 - 32 ) defeated the host Boston Celtics ( 39 - 27 ) 102 - 98 , Friday evening at TD Garden . The Rockets entered looking to improved on their three - game lead over Utah for eighth in the West and did just that as they edged the Boston Celtics down the stretch . The Rockets have now won three straight on the road , including victories against top eastern teams , Toronto and now Boston . The Celtics had won their previous 14 games at TD Garden and had won seven of nine against the West coming into this game , but the Rockets managed to defy those trends as they snuck away with the win . Houston struggled shooting from deep in this one , hitting only 5 - 26 from long range and gave up 18 turnovers on the game ; but on the other hand managed to keep the Celtics to just 37 percent shooting from the field . James Harden led all scorers as he finished with 32 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 13 - 15 FT ) , along with four assists , three rebounds , one steal and one block . However , Harden also gave up six turnovers in his 36 minutes on the court . Michael Beasley was huge in his second game with the Rockets , providing a solid boost off the bench . Beasley tallied 18 points ( 9 - 19 FG ) and eight rebounds , in only 15 minutes , as the second highest scorer for the Houston . Dwight Howard was solid in the middle , with 12 points and 12 rebounds , in 35 minutes . Despite playing at home where they have had great success , the Celtics were not able to gather much momentum in this one . The Celtics averaged 112 points per game throughout their previous 14 home victories but were held much below that mark by a hungry Houston team . Meanwhile , Isaiah Thomas was not phased as he tallied a team - high 30 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , along with two assists and two rebounds , in 38 minutes . Jared Sullinger had a big night as well , with 24 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , 12 rebounds , four assists and four steals , in 31 minutes , while Avery Bradley chipped in 16 points , in 38 minutes . However , other than Thomas , Sullinger and Bradley , the rest of the Celtics team accounted for only 28 points . The Celtics will now have a few days rest before they visit Indiana to play the Pacers on Tuesday . The Rockets will be back in action on Saturday , as they wind - up their current four - game road trip in Charlotte .
The Boston Celtics ( 41 - 30 ) earned a home win against the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 41 ) Monday night at TD Garden , 107 - 96 . Five Celtics finished in double figures and three went over 20 points as the Celtics offense largely had its way with the Orlando defense . Boston shot a robust 33 - 63 ( 52 percent ) from inside the arc and shot 20 - 24 from the free throw line , good for a seven - point free throw advantage over the Magic . The Orlando offense , meanwhile , was stagnant , as they assisted on just 15 baskets and turned the ball over 11 times . Isaiah Thomas 's 28 points led all scorers , and he added seven assists , five rebounds and a steal . Avery Bradley scored 22 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) and added nine rebounds , and Kelly Olynyk scored 22 of his own in just 21 minutes off the bench behind a hugely efficient shooting night ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 3PT , 4 - 4 FT ) . Boston shot just 7 - 22 ( 32 percent ) from the three - point line but was sharp enough in the rest of their offensive game to overcome the poor outside shooting . Victor Oladipo 's 25 points led the Magic . The point guard shot 10 - 17 from the field and added a team - high eight rebounds and five steals . Evan Fournier , Aaron gordon and Andrew Nicholson were the only other Magic players to top double - digits , as they scored 13 points apiece . Orlando shot just 42 percent from the floor and a brutal 5 - 18 ( 28 percent ) from three - point land , as they never were able to generate the offense to compete in this one . The Magic head to Detroit for a Wednesday matchup against the Pistons . The Celtics continue their homestand Wednesday against the Raptors .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers 109 - 105 on Saturday . The Rockets made an epic 3 - 1 comeback in last seasons playoffs against the Clippers and they showed here that the comenack was no fluke by winnin a big game on the road . The demise of James Harden was well publicized last week and it was downright wrong , as he put together another huge game on Saturday . The Clippers played this game without point guard Chris Paul who was dealing with a groin injury and that clearly hampered them here in the loss . Houston started off the season with three - straight 20 - point losses , but they appear to be out of that swoon at this point with four - straight wins . They have scored 110 points or more in all four wins and that can be attributed to James Hardan taking over the offense . Harden is clearly back to top form , as he has dropped 89 points over the last two nights . This was the second half of a back - to - back and it 's a great sign for Houston to see them play so well in that scenario against a team like the Clippers . They even got to rest Dwight Howard on Friday night and that proved to be crucial for this game , as he tallied 20 points and 20 rebounds in the win . The Rockets will have a few days off and look to keep that winning - streak alive against the winless Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday , The Clippers had to play this game without their point guard Chris Paul and it was just too difficult for them to function fully without their playmaker . Austin Rivers filled in for Paul and put up 10 points and one assist in the loss . The Clippers were led Blake Griffin , who totaled 35 points , 11 rebounds and five assists in the loss . One stat that coach Doc Rivers will love is that all 10 players who played more than a single a minute in this game recorded an assist in the absence of assist - master Chris Paul . The next game on tap for the Clippers is against the struggling Memphis Grizzlies on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 5 - 2 ) just squeezed by with a win on Monday night versus the Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 5 ) by a score of 94 - 92 . This gritty , grind - it - out game came right down to the wire , as Marc Gasol missed a free throw in the last few seconds that would have tied the game after a very late Grizzlies rally . Neither team had much help off the bench , as this game was primarily a battle of two of the league 's best starting frontcourts . Zach Randolph led the Grizzlies in scoring and rebounding , with 26 points and nine boards . He added four assists and three steals in 39 minutes . Gasol added 18 points , seven rebounds , and three assists . Mike Conley gave the Grizzlies good guard play with 16 points , six rebounds , five assists , and one steal , but did n't have much help in terms of backcourt scoring . Courtney Lee had only six points , but still dished five assists and grabbed three steals . Matt Barnes had a bit of a chip on his shoulder after being let go by the Clippers and played hard against his old team , tallying eight points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The frontcourt combo of Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan proved superior in this Western Conference showdown . Griffin had a solid game with 24 points and 12 rebounds , while Jordan scored 13 points and grabbed 12 rebounds . Jordan also added four blocks . Chris Paul and J.J. Redick both contributed double - digit scoring , with Paul providing 14 points and Redick supplying 16 . Up next for Memphis will be a match with the undefeated Golden State Warriors . The Clippers will be at Dallas on Wednesday to face the Mavs .
The Toronto Raptors ( 9 - 6 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 7 ) 91 - 80 on Sunday . Throughout a difficult start to the season that has included multi - game injuries to starters Chris Paul and J.J. Redick , the Clippers have been able to lean on Blake Griffin as a dependable source of outstanding production . Sunday , even Griffin succumbed to the malaise that currently seems to surround Los_Angeles , mustering a season - low nine points , along with six rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . He also turned the ball over a season - high six times in a forgettable performance versus a Raptors defense that had been vulernable to opposing power forwards coming into the game . Toronto enjoyed impressive contributions from every starter , with DeMarre Carroll and DeMar DeRozan leading the way with a pair of 21 - point efforts . Kyle Lowry pitched in with his second double - double of the season ( 13 points , 10 assists ) , while veteran power forward Luis Scola continued a resurgent age - 35 season with 20 points and eight rebounds . It was the second outing with 20 or more points for Scola in his last three contests . Meanwhile , Bismack Biyombo posted six points and a season - best 14 rebounds in a season - high 31 minutes of playing time . Toronto improved to 9 - 6 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head home for a date with the Cavaliers on Wednesday . The Clippers received rather pedestrian offensive efforts from other starters besides Griffin as well . Redick managed a team - high 17 points in his second game back from a back injury , while Paul and DeAndre Jordan pitched in with solid but relatively modest double - double performances . Paul poured in 13 points and dished out 11 assists , while Jordan posted 13 points and hauled in 15 boards . Paul Pierce received a start at small forward but could only muster a paltry two points and one rebound in 19 minutes on the floor . Jamal Crawford and Wesley Johnson paced the Clippers ' bench with a pair of eight - point efforts . Los_Angeles dropped to 6 - 7 and reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Denver for a showdown with the Nuggets on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 9 - 8 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 9 ) 107 - 99 on Sunday . The Clippers led by 11 at the half and it never got much closer than that . Los_Angeles did a great job of keeping a six - to - eight point distance from the T'Wolves throughout the second half to hold them off for a much needed win . Both teams shot well in this matchup , as Minnesota shot 45 percent while Los_Angeles shot 52 percent . The Clippers starters outscored the Wolves starters 80 - 58 and that proved to be the difference in the game . Minnesota was 6 - 2 on the road coming into this game , but were unable to add to that impressive record . Minnesota had six players score in double - digits , but the problem was that the other five players combined for just eight points , with three of them going scoreless . The T-Wolves were led by Andrew Wiggins once again who dropped 21 points . Zach LaVine also had a nice game filling - in for Ricky Rubio , as he tallied 18 points and seven assists in the defeat . Karl-Anthony Towns was having a very good game through three quarters , but he barely played in the fourth for an unknown reason . Minnesota will take on the Orlando Magic in their next fixture on Tuesday . The Clippers had lost eight of 11 games before their win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , so this added to that to start a modest two - game winning streak . Los_Angeles got some much needed momentum here , as they are far too talented to be hovering around .500 . They were extremely efficient today as a team , as they shot 52 percent and assisted 24 times on 39 baskets . The team was led by a near triple - double from Blake Griffin , who collected 26 points , eight rebounds and eight assists in the win . They also got 20 points and nine assists from Chris Paul and these two will need to play like this going forward if they want to dig out of this hole . They 'll keep digging in a favorable matchup , when they host the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 11 - 9 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 11 - 8 ) 103 - 101 on Saturday at Staples Center . Jamal Crawford busted out of his shooting slump after scoring 32 points on 10 - of - 19 from the field in the winning effort . Crawford was essential in leading the Clippers’ comeback after trailing 91 - 80 . A pair of 3 - pointers , in addition to a driving , finger roll layup was enough to overtake the lead with just over two minutes remaining in the 4th quarter . Blake Griffin added a clutch jump shot from the free throw line down the stretch and finished with 28 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists in 39 minutes . DeAndre Jordan dominated the glass adding 14 rebounds and 15 points . The Clippers were without point guard Chris Paul ( ribs ) and looked sloppy on the offensive end at times behind fill in starter , Austin Rivers , who contributed five points and four rebounds . The Magic played a pesky defensive game and saw effective performances from young players Victor Oladipo and Elfrid Payton , as the backcourt finished with a combined 45 points . The Magic were unable to get a good look down the stretch and had no answer for Jamal Crawford’s lights out shooting , even after taking a double digit lead in the 4th quarter . Tobias Harris and Nikola Vucevic added 10 points each , while Channing Frye and Evan Fournier were unable to find a rhythm , finishing with three points and seven points , respectively . Aaron Gordon finished with 10 points in 21 minutes off the bench , to go along with seven rebounds on 5 - of - 8 shooting . The Clippers start a five game road trip when they visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 11 ) on Monday , while the Magic visit the Denver Nuggets ( 8 - 13 ) .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 22 - 13 ) throttled the Philadelphia 76ers ( 3 - 33 ) 130 - 99 on Saturday night to extend their season - long winning streak . This looked like a mismatch on paper and that proved to be the case on the court . The Clippers scored at least 27 points in every quarter and took a 29 - point lead into the fourth . They shot an incredible 61 percent from the field in the win and had far too many easy buckets . The starters were also a huge difference , as the Los_Angeles starters amassed 72 points while the Sixers starters could only muster up 34 points . Philadelphia came into this game as huge underdogs in the second half of a back - to - back and it was clear they didn’t have it tonight . If that doesn’t make it hard enough , their 3 - 33 record does . They have been playing much more competitive lately , but this game was just one of those road blowouts that has become all too common with this team . Ish Smith led the team with 10 assists and Jahlil Okafor had a nice game off the bench . Okafor tallied 23 points and four rebounds in just 18 minutes of action . The Sixers will take on a fellow lottery contender on Monday when they play the Minnesota Timberwolves in their next game . The Clippers set a season - high tonight with their sixth - straight win and did it in dominating fashion . The starters were actually allowed to sit the final quarter and they could have had monster games if they got a full complement of minutes . Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan were still able to record double - doubles in just three quarters . Paul totaled 15 points and 14 assists , while Jordan provided 22 points and 13 rebounds . Austin Rivers scored a team - high 26 points , with most of that coming in garbage time It 's strange to see this team finally clicking after the injury to Blake Griffin , but they ca n't be any worse when he returns in a few weeks . The Clippers will have some time off until they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday in their next game .
The Sacramento Kings ( 17 - 23 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) at Staples Center on Saturday , 110 - 103 . Sacramento battled through foul trouble early on , but shot lights out from the behind the arc to sink the Clippers and their 10 game winning streak . The importance of 3 - point shooting continues to surge in the NBA , and efficient shooting from deep is becoming a sure fire way to stop even the best of teams . The Kings finished 52 percent from the 3 - point line , knocking down 13 treys on route to a tough road win . Omri Casspi nailed five threes , adding 17 points in 30 minutes off the bench . DeMarcus Cousins went into beast mode during the first half , and was unstoppable on the glass and in the paint . As the game progressed to the second half , Cousins picked up three fouls in the 3rd quarter , which dented his strong overall performance . The Kings center finished with 19 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two blocks on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Rudy Gay added to an impressive streak of five games ( 22 points per game and 7 rebounds per game ) , totalling 18 points and seven rebounds . Rajon Rondo brought his 20/20 court vision and dropped another double - double , as he finished with 13 points and 10 assists . The Kings will continue to battle for a playoff spot in the Western Conference when they visit the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 33 ) on Wednesday . While the Clippers have been playing extraordinarily well without Blake Griffin ( quad ) and DeAndre Jordan ( illness ) , the continued absence took full effect at home on Saturday . The 3 - point shots were guarded well by the Kings , and the long ball was the Clippers key to success throughout the streak . JJ Reddick and Chris Paul led the way from deep and finished with 22 points and 15 points , respectively . and combined to go with 8 - of - 14 shooting from 3 - point territory . Cole Aldrich has stepped up in the absence of the all - star front court for the Clippers and added another big performance when they need it most . Aldrich scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds , and the extended playing time has seen improved pick - and - roll play between him and Chris Paul , while also playing a role in opening up JJ Reddick and Paul Pierce to roam around and find better looks . The Clippers will look to bounce back when they host the Houston Rockets ( 21 - 20 ) on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 31 - 16 ) beat the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 40 ) 105 - 93 on Friday . In what shaped to be a blowout , the Lakers hung around much longer than expected . This was a single - digit game for nearly the full 48 minutes , even though the Clippers led for the majority of that time . The turnover differential was huge , as the Clippers committed just eight turnovers , while drawing 17 from the Lakers . The Clippers also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 48 boards to the Lakers 38 . The Clippers bench was outstanding as well , as they outscored the Lakers bench 56 - 25 . The Lakers played this game without Kobe Bryant and they fared pretty well . Julius Randle was especially impressive , as he finished with a career - high 23 points and 14 rebounds in the loss . Jordan Clarkson showed glimpses of brilliance as wel , as he tallied 17 points and eight rebounds in the defeat . Lou Williams struggled with his shot , but he still managed 11 points , six rebounds and four assists after missing Thursday 's game due to an illness . The Lakers next game will be on Sunday against the Charlotte Hornets . The Clippers didn’t play their best basketball in this game , but they were able to escape with a much needed win . The bench was the key tonight , as Jamal Crawford , Austin Rivers and Lance Stepehenson combined for 48 points , eight rebounds and seven assists in the win . Chris Paul led the team with 27 points , while handing out seven assists . DeAndre Jordan continued to be a monster on the boards , as he brought down a game - high 17 rebounds in the victory . Up next for the Clippers is a game against the Chicago Bulls on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 32 - 16 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 20 ) 120 - 93 on Sunday . The score would indicate a lopsided game , but it was close until the second half . The Clippers outscored the Bulls by 23 over the final 24 minutes and much of that has to be attributed to the lights - out shooting . The Clippers went 17 - for - 32 from three - point range and shot 54 percent from the field in the win . The bench production was huge as well , as Los_Angeles got 58 bench points to Chicago 's 18 . The Bulls went scoreless for the last five minutes of the game and that was indicative of their recent form . Chicago has now lost eight of their last 12 games and a performance like this doesn’t bode well for the future . Derrick Rose had a nice game though , as he tallied 20 points , five rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Pau Gasol was also efficient , as he amassed 15 points , 14 rebounds and five assists in under 30 minutes of action . The Bulls will have to hop on a plane and play on Monday , as they take on the Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City in their next game . The Clippers played one of their best team performances of the season here , as they recorded 26 assists en route to a 27 - point blowout . The star of the show was Jamal Crawford , as he scored 26 points off the bench , while putting the game out of hand in the fourth quarter with 10 - straight points . DeAndre Jordan was fantastic as well , as he accumulated 17 points , 20 rebounds , four assists and four blocks in a dominating performance . Up next is another winnable game against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 40 - 20 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 42 - 19 ) 103 - 98 at Staples Center on Wednesday . A tale of two halves between a pair of the Western Conference’s best teams , and one that pointed towards a Thunder rout from the get go . Oklahoma_City stormed out to a twenty point lead behind Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant , which has been the theme of their season so far . The scoring outbursts from the two all - stars eventually went cold when it mattered most , as Los_Angeles rallied behind Wesley Johnson’s three point shooting and superb defense and DeAndre Jordan’s smooth touch at the rim . Chris Paul and company needed a miracle to make the comeback , and that miracle was granted after Jordan made two free throws , as part of two possessions that sent him to the free throw line the old fashioned way . With just under 5:0 remaining in the fourth quarter , Johnson drained back - to - back treys to pull within eight points of the Thunder . Add in a trio of layups from Jamal Crawford , Jordan and Paul ( in that order ) , and the Clippers found themselves down just two points . Kevin Durant broke the cold streak with 2:0 remaining , but the aforementioned Jordan and - 1’s came on the following possessions and the Clippers didn’t look back , capping off the 22 point comeback and resilient victory . Durant led all scorers with 30 points , to go along with 11 rebounds , five assists and five blocks , while Westbrook , who’s shot selection late in the game became strange , finished with 24 points , six rebounds and 12 assists . Serge Ibaka pitched in a double - double with 11 points and 11 boards , and the Thunder bench was led by Enes Kanter’s eight points and eight rebounds . On the Clippers end , it was Paul’s unselfish leadership , as he finished with 21 points , four rebounds and 13 assists . Johnson deserves a lot of credit down the stretch , as he pestered Kevin Durant with fabulous defense , and scored 11 points off the bench . The volume shot selection was not the best of choice , seeing as he took 16 shots , but the ones that fell came at the right time to bail out the 4 - of - 16 shooting . Jordan nailed his free throws when they mattered most and totaled 20 points and 18 rebounds . The Thunder will head north to cap off a brutal back - to - back against the Golden State Warriors ( 54 - 5 ) on Thursday , while the Clippers will enjoy a few days off before hosting the Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 28 ) on Saturday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 42 - 22 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 27 - 40 ) 101 - 94 on Friday . The Clippers came into this matchup as a double - digit favorite , but the Knicks took them down to the wire . The key for the Clippers was their defense , as they held the Knicks to 41 percent shooting from the field and 20 percent shooting from three - point range . Los_Angeles was great from long distance as well , as they went 13 - for - 29 in the win . New_York is in the midst of a rough stretch right now , but this was a great performance despite the result . Robin Lopez had one of his best games of the season , as he scored 20 points to go along with 19 rebounds . Kristaps Porzingis led the team with 23 points , while also snatching down four rebounds in the loss . Carmelo Anthony tallied 20 points , six rebounds and four assists . New_York 's next game will be on Sunday , when they take on the Los_Angeles Lakers . The Clippers didn’t play their best ball in this game , but still prevailed with a win . DeAndre Jordan was a beast down low , as he snatched down 19 rebounds and swatted away six shots in the win . Chris Paul led the team with 24 points , while also dishing out 15 assists . Jeff Green had one of his best games in a Clipper uniform , as he accumulated 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . All five Clippers starters scored in double - figures in their victory . Los_Angeles will look to keep this going on Sunday against the Cleveland Cavaliers in their next game .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 46 - 27 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 31 ) 114 - 90 at Staples Center on Monday . Both the Clippers and Celtics control the 4 - seed in their respective conferences , but Los_Angeles proved once again that the elite teams in the Western Conference are more overpowering than the elite teams in the Eastern Conference . Isiah Thomas and company physically battled their way through the first quarter , but still came out six points down , and the Clippers simply built on their lead during the rest of the game . Thomas chased down Chris Paul in transition for a highlight block , but it did not get any prettier than that for his team . The Clippers bench proved to be the difference in the game , as the starters failed to provide much offense . Jamal Crawford , Jeff Green , Wesley Johnson and Austin Rivers all finished in double figures , while Chris Paul dished out 14 assists and DeAndre Jordan commanded the paint and added 13 rebounds . Shot selection was key for the bench roles , as Los_Angeles drained 52 percent of their shots and dished out 29 assists . Paul’s assist total matched that of the entire Celtics team . Isiah Thomas found success attacking the rim and did most of his damage from the free throw line . The all - star point guard finished with 24 points to lead all scorers ( 5 - of - 14 FG , 12 - of - 13 FT ) and two assists . Avery Bradley and Marcus Smart were the only other Celtics to join Thomas in double figures , which was unsurprising given the defensive effort and size they were matched up against . Boston shot a lowly 35 percent from the field and got very little production from their bench . The Clippers will visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 49 ) on Wednesday , while the Celtics will head north to take on the Portland Trail Blazers ( 39 - 36 ) on Thursday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 52 - 28 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 41 - 39 ) Sunday afternoon at Staples Center , 98 - 91 . The Clippers entered halftime with just a two - point lead , but their defense clamped down in the third quarter , as Dallas scored just 12 points and the lead swelled to 17 . The Mavericks made a spirited run with a 32 - point fourth quarter , but the cushion the Clippers built up proved to be too much , as the Mavericks couldn’t pull it any closer than six points in the final frame . Jamal Crawford’s 22 points in 26 minutes off the bench led all scorers , as he shot 7 - 13 and a lights out 4 - 6 on three - point attempts . Blake Griffin scored 17 points and grabbed 11 rebounds along with seven assists . DeAndreJordan added his own double - double with 14 points ( despite shooting just 6 - 23 at the free throw line ) and 10 rebounds . J.J. Reduce hit all four of his three - point attempts and scored 20 points , part of the Clippers’ hot shooting night , as the club finished 49 percent from the field and 9 - 18 ( 50 percent ) from beyond the arc . Raymond Felton’s 21 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 5 3PT , 6 - 7 FT ) off the bench led the Mavericks , who struggled mightily to find their shots . Deron Williams led Mavericks starters with 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG ) , and Dirk Nowitzki managed just 14 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 1 - 4 3PT , 5 - 5 FT ) . Dallas shot just 41 percent from the floor and 8 - 30 ( 27 percent ) from three - point land as even hack - a - DeAndre couldn’t get them back into this one . The Mavericks head to Utah for a Monday matchup against the Jazz . The Clippers continue their homestand Tuesday against the Grizzlies .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 8 - 7 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 6 ) 110 - 96 on Tuesday . The Mavericks outplayed the Grizzlies in several categories , yet curiously still came up well short of a victory . Dallas drained 11 three - pointers to Memphis’ seven , and the Mavs also outrebounded the home team 48 to 42 . Zaza Pachulia’s performance particularly stood out in this regard , as he held his own against one of the best all - around centers in the game in Marc Gasol . Pachulia went toe - to - toe on the glass with the Grizzlies’ big man , matching his 10 boards while also collecting 13 points . Veteran Dirk Nowitzki posted a double - double of his own , his second on the season . The veteran power forward totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds , while adding a block and a steal . Deron Williams ( 10 points ) and Wesley Matthews ( 11 points ) made respectable contributions , with the latter draining three three - pointers , giving him seven over the last two contests . Reserves J.J. Barea and Raymond Felton paced the Dallas bench with a pair of 16 - point outings . Felton was notably perfect on three - pointers , draining all four of his shots from beyond the arc . The Mavericks fell to 9 - 6 and currently reside in second place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They travel to San Antonio for a Wednesday tilt versus the Spurs . The Grizzlies received a remarkably balanced offensive performance from their starters , something they have significantly lacked in many games this season . Gasol collected 15 points and the aforementioned 10 boards , while point guard Mike Conley continued his recent stretch of resurgent play on offense . The veteran tallied 21 points , six assists , and four rebounds , for his fourth game of 20 points or more in the last five contests . Matt Barnes parlayed his rare starting opportunity into a solid tally of 14 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals over 38 minutes . Jeff Green acquitted himself well filling in at power forward for the ailing Zach Randolph ( knee ) , pitching in 19 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of blocks in a tough matchup against Nowitzki . Mario Chalmers led the Memphis reserves with 14 points , while JaMychal Green made the most of his return to the bench by amassing 13 points over just 17 minutes . The Grizzlies improved to 8 - 7 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They head to Houston for a Wednesday showdown versus the Rockets .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 11 - 7 ) used a balanced attack to overcome the powerful Memphis Grizzlies ( 9 - 8 ) by a score of 116 - 101 . Memphis had a strong first quarter and jumped to a 36 - 29 lead but Atlanta won the next three quarters , including a definitive 31 - 19 fourth quarter . Atlanta had six players score in double digits and an impressive 25 assists on 35 made field goals . Paul Milsap led the way with a big double double consisting of 23 points on 6 - 10 shooting , 11 - 13 from the foul line and 14 rebounds . Jeff Teague was the engine for the Hawks with 20 points on 5 - 7 shooting , 4 - 6 from deep , and seven assists in just 29 minutes . Al Horford posted 16 points and four rebounds , the big man shot an efficient 2 - 3 from long range . Kent Bazemore played despite being considered doubtful with a sore ankle and played well , finishing with 14 points , three rebounds and two assists . Memphis also had six players score in double digits but shot a poor 43 percent from the field as a team . Mike Conley was the high point man for the Grizz with 16 and dished a generous nine assists . Matt Barnes chipped in 15 points in 27 minutes , shooting 3 - 7 from deep . Vince Carter saw some extended minutes and took advantage with 14 points on 4 - 10 shooting from the field , including 4 - 9 from long range . Courtney Lee also chipped in 14 points off the bench . Zach Randolph was missed as he sat this one out with a sore knee . Atlanta will be back in action on Saturday night as they continue their road trip with a game in San Antonio . Memphis will have a day off before hosting Philadelphia on Sunday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 12 - 9 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 13 ) in highlight fashion on Sunday in Memphis , with a final score of 95 - 93 . This game was tied with two seconds left and a Phoenix inbound . The Suns turned the ball over on the inbound play , leaving 1 seconds on the clock . Memphis came out of the timeout with Courtney Lee inbounding . Lee lobbed it to the rim as Jeff Green came off a couple of screens to throw it down and give the Grizzlies the win . The Suns shot only 43 percent from the field , including 29 percent from deep . They also had a troubling 18 turnovers , one of which led directly to the loss . Eric Bledsoe led Phoenix in scoring with 23 points on 8 - 22 shooting , along with seven rebounds and six assists . Brandon Knight finished with 17 points , five assists and four rebounds . Jon Leuer shot only 3 - 11 from the field , but finished with a double - double of 10 points and 11 rebounds , along with four assists and three blocked shots as a starter . The Suns were still missing Tyson Chandler and have now lost eight of their last nine games . The Grizzlies have now won their last eight match - ups against Phoenix and currently have won nine of their last 12 games . Marc Gasol had a big game with 22 points , eight rebounds and two blocks , in 36 minutes . Courtney Lee came up huge in 28 minutes off the bench , finishing with 18 points , six assists and four rebounds , including the game winning assist on Jeff Green 's alley - oop . Green had seven points and nine rebounds in 17 minutes off the bench . Mike Conley shot a poor 4 - 14 from the field but finished with 12 points , six assists and three steals . Next up Memphis will be at home on Tuesday , when the Thunder come to town . Phoenix will wind up their six - game road trip with the second game of a back - to - back on Monday in Chicago .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 14 - 8 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 13 - 11 ) 123 - 99 on Friday . Charlotte has been impressive on offense throughout their first 21 contests , coming into Friday as a top 10 - ranked unit with an average of 102 points scored per game . An integral component of their success has been the play of stalwart point guard Kemba Walker and offseason acquisition Nicolas Batum , with the latter making a considerable impact in a Hornets uniform now that he 's fully recovered from the wrist problems that plagued him throughout his final campaign in Portland . The Dynamic Duo were at it again Friday , with Walker managing 33 points , his third outing with 30 or more on the season . The 25 - year - old added six assists and five rebounds in a dynamic performance . Meanwhile , Batum bounced back from two modest efforts to post 20 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists . They spearheaded a Hornets attack that led to Charlotte 's third - highest scoring total of the season . In addition to the pair of standout efforts , the visitors received the bulk of their remaining points from the bench . Three Hornets reserves tallied double - digit scoring , led by Jeremy Lin 's 16 points . Frank Kaminsky III posted the second - highest point total of his career with 15 points , and Jeremy Lamb , who 's been outstanding in a reserve role all season , contributed 10 points , his ninth double - digit scoring performance over the last 10 games . Charlotte improved to 14 - 8 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home for a Saturday night showdown versus the Boston Celtics . The Grizzlies were led by a near double - double from Marc Gasol , who poured in 17 points and added nine rebounds , five assists , a pair of steals and a block . Mike Conley was right behind his teammate with 16 points , four assists , three rebounds and a pair of blocks . Zach Randolph ( 13 points ) and Tony Allen ( 10 points ) joined Gasol and Conley in double - digit scoring , and Courtney Lee paced the Memphis bench with 12 points , two rebounds and an assist . Matt Barnes , he of the game - winning half - court shot against the Pistons , could n't conjure up similar heroics in Friday 's blowout , but pitched in with 11 points in a reserve role . Memphis fell to 13 - 11 and currently resides in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Miami to face the Heat on Sunday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 15 - 14 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 10 ) 96 - 84 on Saturday . The Pacers entered Saturday’s contest with the two - seed in the Eastern Conference , but fell to the Grizzlies on account of poor shooting from both the field and 3 - point territory . The 17 turnovers committed by Indiana summed up a sloppy night on the road overall as well . Paul George led all scorers with 29 points , in addition to six rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 22 shooting . George’s 26 points per game ( prior to Saturday’s performance ) ranked fifth in the league and he has also seen success from the 3 - point line , save for tonight , as he finished 4 - of - 12 from deep . Monta Ellis added 13 points , two rebounds and an assist , while Jordan Hill provided 10 points and 13 rebounds off the bench . Both players shot 50 percent from the field , although the team shot 39 percent and a rough 18 percent with from 3 - point territory . C.J. Miles failed to get any sort of rhythm going and finished with zero points on 0 - of - 9 shooting . Ian Mahinmi contributed seven points and six rebounds , but played fewer minutes than backup centers Hill and Lavoy Allen . The Grizzlies defense prowess controlled the game and wrecked havoc on the Pacers shooters , and the strong team performance ended a rough 1 - 4 stretch of five games . Mike Conley led all Grizzlies scorers with 20 points , to go along with four rebounds , eight assists and four steals on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Matt Barnes provided a spark in the second half and rounded out the box score with 15 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Marc Gasol’s 19 points and 12 rebounds completed his seventh double - double of the season , in addition to six assists on an efficient 9 - of - 18 shooting . Tony Allen ( knee ) missed his fifth consecutive game , but will look to return to the lineup this week . The Pacers will visit the Western Conference’s second best squad , San Antonio ( 23 - 5 ) , on Monday , while the Grizzlies will visit the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 27 ) on Tuesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 18 - 16 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 18 - 13 ) 99 - 90 in overtime at the FedExForum in Memphis on Tuesday . It looked like the Grizzlies were going to close this game out in regulation , but the Heat finished on an 11 - 2 run to force overtime . Memphis didn’t panic , exploding for 16 points in the extra session to pull away from the scrappy visitors . Free throw shooting proved to be the difference in the contest , as the Heat went just 9 - for - 18 from the charity stripe while the hosts were nearly perfect at 19 - for - 20 . The Grizzlies used a balanced team effort to pick up the victory , with four starters scoring at least 16 points . Marc Gasol came up hobbling after stepping on the foot of Heat point guard Goran Dragic in overtime , but showed no ill effects as he stayed in the game and ultimately finished with a team - leading 23 points , eight rebounds , six assists and four blocks . Zach Randolph added 17 points on efficient 7 - for - 10 shooting , while Jeff Green and Mike Conley both finished with 16 points . For the Heat , Chris Bosh led the team with 22 points , but was held scoreless after the third quarter while going 0 - for - 7 from the field down the stretch . Dwyane Wade contributed 19 points , five assists and five rebounds , and Hassan Whiteside scored five points and pulled down a game - high 11 rebounds in 37 minutes before fouling out in overtime . Miami’s next game will come at home against the Mavericks on Friday , while Memphis opens a three - game road trip in Utah on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 20 - 18 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 13 - 24 ) 91 - 84 on Friday . Both teams entered the game with their rosters at less than full strength , and the result was a gritty , grind - it - out affair . The visitors were missing stalwart power forward Kenneth Faried , who was out due to the birth of his child , while the Grizzlies had their starting backcourt sidelined . Mike Conley was forced to miss a second consecutive contest with a left Achilles injury , while a hip contusion derailed two - guard Courtney Lee for the night . While the three players ' respective replacements all turned in serviceable efforts , it was some of the team 's most reliable performers that led the way . Denver 's attack was spearheaded by Danilo Gallinari , who managed his second 29 - point outing over the last three contests , and who scored over 20 points for the fourth straight game since returning from a six - game absence due to an ankle injury . Faried 's replacement on the night , Darrell Arthur , was actually the Nuggets ' second leading scorer , managing 12 points , nine rebounds , a pair of assists and a pair of blocks . Gary Harris was the only other starter with double - digit scoring , pouring in 11 points and adding five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jusuf Nurkic took another positive step in his gradual return to action , collecting six points , six rebounds and a block over 18 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets fell to 13 - 24 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head back home and await the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday . Although Memphis saw all five members of their starting unit tally double - digit points , they were actually led in scoring by Zach Randolph , who pitched in 24 points , six rebounds , an assist and three blocks . Jeff Green 's near double - double headed up the starters , with the Grizzlies ' forward contributing 16 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a steal . Frontcourt mate Matt Barnes was right behind him with a stat - sheet - stuffing performance that consisted of 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a block . Marc Gasol and Conley 's stand - in for the night , Mario Chalmers , posted a pair of 12 - point efforts . Gasol had a relatively quiet night on the boards with only four rebounds , but dished out a trio of assists and also snatched five steals . Meanwhile , Chalmers had a slow first half , but came on after intermission to finish with 12 points , six rebounds and four assists . Tony Allen did a fine job as Lee 's replacement , finishing with 10 points , nine rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . The Grizzlies improved to 20 - 18 and remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They now await the Boston Celtics for Sunday showdown .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 21 - 18 ) slid past the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 18 ) 101 - 98 on Sunday . Avery Bradley returned for Boston after missing the past three - plus games with a hip injury , and was immediately reinserted into the starting lineup . The six - year pro 's outstanding defense and improved shooting have certainly been key to many a Celtics victory this season , and Bradley put together a solid effort in his return . The 25 - year - old managed 14 points , two rebounds and two steals over a robust 38 minutes , but notably came up empty with respect to his trademark three - pointers . His third and final missed attempt of the night from beyond the arc was the most crucial , as Bradley failed to drain a 26 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer that would have sent the contest into overtime . Isaiah Thomas almost single - handedly was too much for the Grizzlies , as he posted a game - high 35 points , three rebounds , eight assists and a steal . He also tallied 10 of his points in the fourth quarter . Like Bradley , Amir Johnson also pitched in 14 points , and added nine rebounds , four assists and a block . Jae Crowder with the other Celtics starter with double - digit scoring , managing 10 points , a pair of rebounds , a pair of assists and four steals . Jared Sullinger led the reserves with 11 points , four rebounds and a steal . Boston fell to 19 - 18 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , now four games behind the first - place Toronto Raptors . The Celtics next head to New York for Tuesday showdown versus the Knicks . The Grizzlies once again were without the services of their starting backcourt , as Mike Conley and Courtney Lee remained sidelined with Achilles and hip injuries , respectively . As has been the case recently , it was a backup that spearheaded Memphis ' offensive charge , as Zach Randolph took advantage of the Celtics ' vulnerable frontcourt with a 25 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . It was the 15 - year veteran 's third performance of over 20 points in the last four games , and his second double - double over that span , with Randolph having come off the bench in all of those contests . Mario Chalmers was next in line with an outstanding 18 - point , five - rebound , four - assist performance in Conley 's stead that included an 11 - for - 13 tally from the free - throw line . Four of those buckets from the charity stripe came in the fourth quarter , when the Grizzlies managed to overcome the 76 - 68 deficit they 'd entered the period with . Tony Allen was also highly efficient in his second start in place of Lee , posting a 15 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of steals and a block . Not to be outdone , Marc Gasol poured in 11 points and hauled in 11 boards , with almost half his scoring haul ( five points ) coming during the Grizzlies ' comeback in the final period . Matt Barnes came just one rebound shy of joining the double - double parade himself , registering 12 points , nine boards , a pair of assists and a pair of blocks . Memphis improved to 21 - 18 and currently resides in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They await the Houston Rockets for an intra - divisional showdown on Tuesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 23 - 19 ) stifled the New_York Knicks ( 20 - 22 ) en route to a 103 - 95 win Saturday . This game was tight throughout , but Memphis buckled down over the final 12 minutes for an impressive win . In fact , the game was tied going into the fourth quarter and the Grizzlies outscored the Knicks 30 - 22 to pull out the win . The rebounding has been a big issue for Memphis all season , but they won that battle 44 to 36 here . They also shot an efficient 5 - for - 10 from long distance , with some big three 's late to secure the victory . The Knicks came into this game hot , but they simply couldn’t muster up enough offense late to prevail with a big road win . The offensive struggles have to be taken into context though , as the Knicks were without All-Star Carmelo Anthony for this game . Kristaps Porzingis stepped up in Anthony 's absence , by tallying 17 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals in the loss . Langston Galloway got his first start of the season and played very well , as he scored 11 points to go along with 11 rebounds and five assists . New_York has a good chance to win in their next game though , as they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday . Memphis has been playing much better lately and they appear to be back to their grit - n - grind style of play . They held the Knicks to just nine points in the first nine minutes of the fourth quarter and really buckled down late to seal the win . Marc Gasol was the star of the night though , as he scored a season - high 37 points to go along with eight boards . Jeff Green has been struggling recently , but he scored 18 points off the bench here in an impressive performance . The Grizzlies shot 48 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , which is one of their best offensive games all year . Up next is a big game in Memphis , as they have their annual Martin Luther King Day game against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 24 - 19 ) defeated the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 13 - 27 ) 101 - 99 on Monday . This was a back - and - forth game the whole way , featuring 18 lead changes and 14 ties . It came down to the wire as Marc Gasol missed two free throws that would have put the game out of reach . Instead , the score remained 100 - 97 with 12 seconds left . New_Orleans elected to go for a lay - up , making it a one - point game with four seconds to go . They then fouled Courtney Lee , who hit the first of two free throws . The Pelicans would have had one last chance , but Marc Gasol pulled down the rebound , making up for his earlier missed free throws , and allowed the clock to run out . This was the final game of a six - game home stand for Memphis . Mike Conley was back in the starting line up after missing five games with a sore achilles . He logged a double - double with 15 points and 10 assists , in 27 minutes . Marc Gasol had a double - double as well , with 16 points and 10 rebounds , along with six assists , two steals and one block , in 39 minutes . Jeff Green and Matt Barnes each chipped in 16 points off the bench . The Grizzlies have now won three in a row and have a chance to distance themselves from the pack in the West . New_Orleans was looking for its third straight win but fell short to the Grizzlies for the second time this season . Tyreke Evans sat this one out with a sore right knee , leaving Norris Cole to start . Cole finished with 10 points and four assists , in 30 minutes . Anthony Davis was quiet in the second half but finished with 21 points , eight rebounds , three steals , three blocks and two assists , in 36 minutes . Jrue Holiday led the Pelicans in scoring with 23 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , along with nine assists and two rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans will be right back in action on the second night of a back to back as they host the Timberwolves on Tuesday . The Grizzlies will have a few days rest before they travel to Denver to face off against the pesky Nuggets on Thursday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 26 - 20 ) defeated the visiting Orlando Magic ( 20 - 23 ) 108 - 102 in overtime at FedEx Forum on Monday . The game had 21 lead changes and was tight throughout regulation , but a Jeff Green hook shot from about 12 feet out forced overtime where Memphis dominated . Green recorded a season - high 30 points with eight rebounds , two steals and an assist in 31 minutes off the bench , as the Grizzlies won for the 10th time in their last 11 at home . Memphis saw Tony Allen return to the lineup after missing two games with a sore knee and hamstring . Allen was in top form as he posted a career - high 12 rebounds with nine points and four steals in 40 minutes . Zach Randolph recorded a double - double with 18 points ( 8 - 16 FG ) and 13 rebounds in a solid bounce - back win for the Grizzlies after their previous loss . The Magic , in the first of a three - game road trip , came out strong , scoring 65 points in the first half against the renowned Memphis defense . Three players scored a team - high 16 points , including Evan Fournier , who also had five assists and three rebounds in 35 minutes off the bench . Nikola Vucevic finished with 16 points and 14 rebounds , as well as three assists and two blocked shots in 39 minutes . Tobias Harris finished with 16 points , four rebounds and three assists in 39 minutes . Orlando made 19 turnovers , leading to their sixth loss in a row . The Magic will continue their road trip by playing their second game in as many nights in Milwaukee on Tuesday . The Grizzlies have a couple days off before they play host to the Bucks on Thursday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 32 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 17 - 38 ) 109 - 104 on Friday . The entertaining back - and - forth affair featured new - look lineups for both clubs , although the bigger facelift was on the side of the hometown Grizzlies . While Minnesota 's Andrew Wiggins slid over to small forward to make room for two - time Slam Dunk Contest champ Zach LaVine at shooting guard , Memphis began life in earnest without the sidelined Marc Gasol ( foot ) and the jettisoned Jeff Green and Courtney Lee . JaMychal Green helped to fortify the front court in Gasol 's stead , while part - time starters Matt Barnes and Tony Allen took the place of the latter two . All of the aforementioned players managed solid - to - stellar performances in their new roles , leading to a highly competitive matchup that the Grizzlies were able to triumph in due in to their superior shooting and ball security . Memphis was able to outperform Minnesota 49 percent to 41 percent from the field , while eliciting 20 turnovers from the visitors and only committing 14 of their own . Minnesota was led by LaVine 's 22 points , which he complemented with a pair of rebounds and a steal . Wiggins was n't far behind , tallying 20 points , five assists , a pair of rebounds and a steal . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves ' frontcourt was the scene of a pair of dominating double - doubles , led by Gorgui Dieng 's 14 - point , 12 - rebound performance that also included an assist , three steals and a block . Karl-Anthony Towns pitched in with 11 points and 15 boards of his own , along with three assists , a steal and two blocks . Shabazz Muhammad and Kelvin Martin contributed a pair of 12 - point efforts to lead the bench . The former also supplied three rebounds and an assist , while the latter contributed a pair of boards and an assist . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face off against the New York Knicks on Saturday night . As expected , Mike Conley took charge of the offense in the absence of the aforementioned trio of players , totaling 25 points , seven assists , four rebounds and two steals . Zach Randolph was next in line with a 17 - point , eight - rebound effort that also included an assist . Barnes pitched in with 11 points , five boards , two assists , two steals and a block . Green came within a point of a double - double , hauling in 11 boards , handing out two assists , and recording three steals and three blocks . Allen supplied nine points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Veteran Vince Carter turned back the clock in pacing the reserves , recording a season - high 15 points , and adding four rebounds and a pair of steals . The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They now head to Toronto to take on the Raptors in a Sunday showdown .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 33 - 23 ) won a shootout Wednesday night over the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 48 ) at FedExForum , 128 - 119 . The Lakers hit 17 three - pointers , a season high , but the Grizzlies set a season high in threes of their own with 13 and shot a brilliant 57 percent as they managed withstand Los_Angeles 's surprising offensive attack . Memphis 's 128 points also marked a season high , the previous being 122 against Oklahoma City way back in November . Matt Barnes hit five three - pointers as he scored a team - high 25 points ( 9 - 14 FG ) for the Grizzlies . Mike Conley scored 24 ( 10 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3PT ) and added eight assists , and P.J. Hairston got into the three - point action , nailing four of his seven attempts as he scored 17 points . All five Grizzlies starters finished in double figures , as did Brandan Wright , who scored 15 on 7 - 10 shooting off the bench . Jordan Clarkson led all scorers with 28 as he shot 10 - 18 from the floor and a brilliant 6 - 11 from three - point range . D'Angelo Russell scored 22 ( 8 - 19 FG , 3 - 9 3PT ) and added eight assists and four rebounds and Lou Williams added 22 points in 22 minutes off the bench . But the Lakers starting frontcourt of Kobe Bryant , Julius Randle and Roy Hibbert combined to score just 25 points against 51 for Memphis 's starting front court of Barnes , Jeff Green and Zach Randolph . The Grizzlies and Lakers will finish out this home - and - home series with a rematch Friday night at Staples Center .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 37 - 24 ) defeated the visiting Utah Jazz ( 28 - 33 ) 94 - 88 , Friday night at FedEx Forum . The Utah Jazz have really been struggling after a great run that brought them to the threshold of the top - eight in the West . The Jazz have now lost five in a row as they fell to the re - tooled Grizzlies on Friday night . Despite missing Marc Gasol and trading away Jeff Green , the Grizzlies have been playing very well lately , as they notched their third win in a row , and their seventh in nine games . Memphis has also now surpassed the 100 - point mark in 19 of its last 21 games , an impressive feat for a team that previously ranked among the bottom - five for most of the season . Memphis answered a strong start by the Jazz with a 30 - 11 second quarter , however the Jazz fired back again with a 33 - 18 third quarter . The Grizzles entered the fourth down by five but buckled down to grind out the win . Zach Randolph led the Grizzlies with a game - high 25 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , in 35 minutes . Lance Stephenson chipped in 16 points ( 8 - 11 FG ) and five rebounds , in 24 minutes off the bench , while Mario Chalmers tallied 11 points , six rebounds and five assists , in 30 minutes off the bench . Memphis hit only 4 - 18 from deep but did better at the foul line hitting 16 - 19 . Mike Conley was relatively quiet as he finished with 12 points and four assists , after averaging 19 points in his last nine games . Utah 's Rudy Gobert had a strong game , as he tallied a double - double including 13 points and 18 rebounds , along with five blocked shots , in 38 minutes . Gordon Hayward chipped in 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with six rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 38 minutes . Shelvin Mack started at point guard for the Jazz and logged a solid 12 points , eight assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 29 minutes . Utah missed 10 of its 29 free throws and gave up 17 turnovers en route to an eighth loss in 10 games . The Jazz move on to New Orleans where they will wrap up their current four - game road trip , on Saturday . The Grizzlies host the Suns on Sunday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 26 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 25 - 39 ) 121 - 114 in overtime on Friday . Both squads managed to light up the scoreboard , despite entering the game with depleted rosters . The Pelicans were without Norris Cole for a second straight game due to his back injury , while Zach Randolph ( knee ) , Chris Andersen ( shoulder ) and the recently - waived Mario Chalmers ( Achilles ) were all missing from the Grizzlies starting unit . However , a number of backup players took advantage of their opportunities , including New_Orleans ' Toney Douglas , and Memphis ' JaMychal Green , Briante Weber and Lance Stephenson . Although both clubs played well on offense , the Grizzlies were able to stay hot with their shots throughout the game , posting a 49 percent success rate from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . They also elicited 17 turnovers from the Pelicans , and were able to pull out the win despite blowing the 73 - 66 lead they 'd entered the fourth quarter with . Jrue Holiday led the way for New_Orleans with 34 points , 10 assists , five rebounds and a steal , although he did commit a game - high seven turnovers . Anthony Davis was close behind with a 25 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists , a steal and a block . Dante Cunningham was a surprise contributor on offense , compiling 17 points , six rebounds , an assist , two steals and four blocks . Douglas pitched in with 12 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals . Ryan Anderson was superb in pacing the bench , posting 24 points , 12 rebounds and three assists . The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are 9 games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets . They head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Saturday night . Memphis was led by a career - high 33 points from Stephenson , who caught fire off the bench over 38 minutes . He added seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . Matt Barnes was next with a triple - double , collecting 26 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . He also recorded a pair of steals . Green totaled 21 points , 10 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Weber posted 10 points , seven assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and retain a hold of the fifth seed in the conference as well . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Saturday night .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 62 - 12 ) picked up a road win over the Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 33 ) despite resting many of their top players Wednesday night at FedExForum , 101 - 87 . Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili were both inactive , and David West , Kawhi Leonard and Tony Parker all sat out as the Spurs continue to get their bodies rested for the postseason . Still , with the Grizzlies missing Marc Gasol , Mike Conley , Zach Randolph and P.J. Hairston to injuries , the Spurs faced little resistance as they took an 8 - point lead into halftime and led by double - digits for the entire fourth quarter . LaMarcus Aldridge was San_Antonio 's lone star in the lineup , and he dominated the game , scoring a game - high 31 points ( 11 - 16 FG , 9 - 11 FT ) and grabbing a game - high 13 rebounds ( four offensive ) . Patty Mills ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3PT ) added 17 points in 22 minutes off the bench . The Spurs shot a robust 51 percent from the field as Memphis 's depleted front line offered little resistance inside . Vince Carter was Memphis 's leading scorer as he managed 14 points ( 3 - 9 FG , 2 - 3 3PT , 6 - 7 FT ) in 21 minutes off the bench . Jeff Green 's 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG ) led Memphis 's starters as the toll of playing through the Grizzlie 's myriad injuries is showing . Memphis managed just 40 percent from the field and committed 14 turnovers against just 19 assists as the reserves continue to have trouble producing offense . Memphis has now shot better than 50 percent from the field just once in its past 16 games . The Grizzlies remain at home for a Wednesday matchup against Denver . The Spurs return home to host the Pelicans on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 51 - 24 ) extended their franchise record for wins in a season with a 99 - 95 victory Friday against the host Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 35 ) . The Raptors continue to build themselves as a viable contender , remaining within striking distance of the Cleveland Cavaliers for control of the Eastern Conference . The All-Star backcourt of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan has played no small part , of course , as the duo 's members remain the top two scorers on the team . This held true on Friday , as DeRozan led the team and the game with 27 points , complemented by Lowry 's 22 . Center Jonas Valanciunas , meanwhile , came up big with 14 rebounds and a whopping seven blocked shots . All in all , it was a solid yet narrow win for the Raptors , who have built momentum heading into the postseason . Memphis , meanwhile , is quickly falling in the standings after what has now been a five - game skid . The absence of star center Marc Gasol has been a difference - maker , and will potentially put the Grizzlie 's fifth spot in the West in jeopardy . Memphis shot just 41 percent from the field on Friday , a significantly lower mark than their opponents were held to . Veteran big Zach Randolph offered up 16 points , but did so on just 6 - for - 18 shooting . Things look bleak for Memphis as the team remains riddled with injuries going forward . The Raptors will face one of the toughest matchups in the association on Saturday as they face the Spurs in San Antonio . The Grizzlies , meanwhile , will host the Orlando Magic on Sunday .
The Pistons pulled off the road upset in the season opener against the Hawks on Tuesday night , upending Atlanta by a score of 106 - 94 . The two teams’ performance from the three - point line was the determining factor in this one , as the visiting Pistons knocked down 12 - of - 29 shots ( 41 percent ) from deep . The Hawks , meanwhile were an ugly 8 - for - 27 ( 30 percent ) from beyond the arc . Detroit rode a balanced scoring attack to the victory column , as all five starters finished with at least 15 points . Leading the way was Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who shook off a recent foot injury to pour in 21 points on 7 - for - 14 shooting , including a 4 - for - 7 mark from three - point range . The Pistons also received strong production on the interior from Andre Drummond , who tallied 18 points and 19 rebounds . The double - doubles should roll in with regularity this season for Drummond , who recorded 48 such efforts in 2014 - 15 . Meanwhile , the Hawks hardly resembled a squad that won a franchise - best 60 games a season ago . In addition to getting very little scoring from their starting backcourt - - the trio of Jeff Teague , Kyle Korver , and Kent Bazemore finished with just 25 points between them - - the Hawks were also bullied on the interior by Drummond & Co. Al Horford pulled down just four rebounds on the evening , and the Pistons held a 59 - 40 edge on the glass over the night . It didn’t help matters that the Hawks lost backup big man Mike Muscala to a right ankle sprain over the course of the game . The Hawks will look to regroup when they visit the Knicks on Friday , while Detroit will have a quick turnaround and play the second game of a back - to - back set at home Thursday against the Jazz .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 12 - 8 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 11 - 7 ) Monday 106 - 100 at Phillips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks entered the fourth quarter confidently with a seven - point lead and maintained that margin for a majority of the period . However , with just under five minutes remaining , the Thunder’s Russell Westbrook took over , scoring eight straight points and giving the Thunder a four - point lead with just over two minutes left . Nevertheless , the Hawks responded , as Jeff Teague scored six of Atlanta’s next eight points and they were able to pull away in the end . Teague finished with 25 points and five assists , but it was the Hawks’ frontcourt that really led the way . Paul Millsap was all over the place , scoring a team - high 26 points on top of 11 rebounds , five assists and four blocks in 35 minutes . His partner in the frontcourt , Al Horford , recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 21 points and 13 points in 35 minutes . Kyler Korver ( 11 ) was the only other Hawk in double figures . For the Thunder , Westbrook did all he could to keep his team in the game and finished with a game - high 34 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists in 36 minutes . Kevin Durant added 25 points , six rebounds and six assists in 40 minutes , while Serge Ibaka recorded 17 points , five rebounds and four blocks in 35 minutes . Beyond the big three , Oklahoma_City managed just 24 points from its other players . Up next , the Hawks will stay home Wednesday and take on the Raptors , while the Thunder will travel to Miami Thursday to play the Heat .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 13 - 9 ) protected their home court , defeating the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 16 ) by a score of 100 - 87 on Friday night . The Hawks led the whole way in this one , holding the Lakers to only 37 percent shooting from the field , while shooting 50 percent themselves . Atlanta played a good team game as usual , passing and moving the ball with purpose . They had five players score in double digits and nine players score six or more points . Big Al Horford led the Hawks in scoring , rebounding and tied Jeff Teague for team leader in assists , proving that he can do it all . Horford finished with 16 points on 6 - 11 shooting , nine rebounds , five assists and one block . Paul Millsap posted a solid 15 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Kent Bazemore chipped in 15 points , three rebounds , four steals and two assists , in 25 minutes off the bench . Although the Lakers shot poorly over all from the field , they did shoot an impressive 13 - 27 from deep . D'Angelo Russell posted a nice double - double with 16 points and 10 rebounds , however he tallied a problematic seven turn - overs . Lou Williams led the Lakers in scoring with 18 points on 6 - 13 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench . Kobe Bryant was not as effective as he was the other night against Washington , this time finishing with 14 points on 4 - 19 shooting , along with five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots . Next up for L.A. is match in Detroit on Sunday , which will be the fourth of an eight game road trip . Atlanta has a long break before they play in Dallas next Wednesday , December 9th .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 18 - 12 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 19 ) by the score of 106 - 97 , Monday night in Georgia . This was set to be a very tough game for the Blazers , as their top two scorers were out with injuries . Damian Lillard aggravated the plantar fasciitis he 's been dealing with in his left foot , while C.J. McCollum was out with an ankle sprain . The Trail_Blazers jumped to a quick 50 start but Atlanta caught up and took a 9 - 7 lead with about seven minutes left in the first and held on to it the rest of the way . Portland fought back with a 39 point fourth quarter but it was not enough to over come the 19 - point lead that the Blazers had going into the quarter . Atlanta had six players score in double digits and shot a solid 48 percent from the field as a team . Dennis Schroder was the only player to score more than 13 for the Hawks . He finished with 18 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) , three assists , one rebound and one steal , in 17 minutes . Jeff Teague struggled shooting ( 4 - 12 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) but still finished with 13 points , eight assists , two rebounds and two steals . Thabo Sefolosha chipped in 13 points as well but on much better shooting ( 5 - 6 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) , along with six rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Hawks have now won four straight . Despite missing their two best scorers , the Trail_Blazers still put up 97 points , with five players scoring in double digits and 10 players contributing points . Allen Crabbe led the way in scoring with 19 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt ) , along with four rebounds and two assists . Mason Plumlee finished with a solid double - double including 11 points and 10 rebounds , along with six assists , one steal and one block , in 26 minutes . Tim Frazier , who was last year 's D-League Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player , played almost the whole game for Portland , logging 47 minutes and 35 seconds . He finished with 12 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) , seven rebounds , seven assists and two steals . The Blazers have now lost four straight . Next up the Trail_Blazers will finish up their current five - game road trip with a game in New Orleans on Wednesday . The Hawks will host the Pistons for a good Eastern Conference battle on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 24 - 17 ) handed the Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 30 ) their 12th loss in 13 games Saturday , 114 - 86 . Atlanta was emphatic in its victory , outscoring Brooklyn 30 - 18 in the fourth quarter . The Hawks were a pinnacle of ball - movement in Saturday 's game , recording 34 assists on the night and hitting 56 percent of their attempts from the field . Six Hawks scored in double digits , with forward Paul Millsap leading the way with 21 points . Backup point guard Dennis Schroeder , meanwhile , exploded off the bench for 15 points , 10 assists , and six rebounds . The team also had a strong outing on the defensive end , stealing the ball 14 times in total . Brooklyn 's loss marks the continuation of the team 's slide towards the bottom of the NBA totem pole . The Nets have lost 12 of their last 13 , and have also had to deal with the resignation of GM Billy King and the firing of coach Lionel Hollins . Despite the Nets ' woes , forward Thaddeus Young has played solid basketball , which he continued on Saturday . Young led the Nets with 18 points and added seven rebounds and two steals . Brooklyn will visit Toronto on Monday . The Hawks , meanwhile , will be visited by the Orlando Magic on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 28 - 22 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 23 ) 112 - 97 on Monday . The subject of trade rumors and victim to a notable slump for most of January , Jeff Teague 's 2016 had n't exactly gotten off to the best of starts . However , the 27 - year - old point guard had slowly begun crawling his way back to prominence over the four games prior to Monday , averaging a solid 16 points per contest during that span . Monday 's matchup against a Mavericks defense that had struggled against point guards this season proved to be the final domino to fall in Teague 's resurgence , as he managed a season - high 32 points , and complemented them with eight assists , five rebounds and a steal over 28 highly efficient minutes . Having totaled a modest 12 points in the first half as Atlanta built a 53 - 46 lead , Teague tallied 13 points in the third quarter alone , helping the home team emerge from the period with a commanding 86 - 73 lead they would n't surrender . Dallas ' attack was led by Chandler Parsons , who continued a recent string of considerably productive play . He managed 19 points , 11 rebounds and a pair of assists for his second double - double in the last three games . Dirk Nowitzki returned from his night off against the Suns on Sunday to collect 18 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . The reserve tandem of J.J. Barea and Raymond Felton registered the two next - highest scoring totals , with the former amassing 15 points and four assists , while the latter posted 13 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . Wesley Matthews was the only other Mavericks player with double - digit scoring , totaling 11 points while adding three assists and a rebound as well . Zaza Pachulia could only pitch in four points , but did haul in 13 boards . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home for a date with the Miami Heat on Wednesday . Teague 's prolific night was seconded by a 16 - point contribution from Kyle Korver , who also posted three assists , two rebounds and a block . The sharpshooting two - guard 's performance was a notable departure from his previous pair of contests , when he 'd managed six points against the Pacers and then was held scoreless versus the Heat . Dennis Schroder made it a successful night for the Hawks point guards by collecting 14 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal off the bench in just 16 minutes of action . Paul Millsap had a rare quiet night on the scoreboard with only eight points , but did manage to pull down 12 rebounds , dish out two assists and record two blocks . Al Horford was able to put together a 10 - point , four - rebound performance against Pachulia 's tough defense , and also added a pair of assists and a rejection . With the win , the Hawks move just a half - game back of the Heat for the top spot in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 50 - 5 ) earned an interconference road win Monday night over the Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 27 ) at Phillips Arena , 102 - 92 . Even though their shooting was n't as crisp as usual - - 44 percent from the floor , 31 percent from three - point land - - Golden_State still ran efficient offense , as they assisted on 30 of their 39 made field goals ( 77 percent ) and turned the ball over just 13 times . The Warriors made 14 of 45 three - pointers ( 31 percent ) and attempted fewer two - pointers ( 44 ) than threes . Stephen Curry notched eight assists and six rebounds in addition to leading all scorers with 36 points on an absurdly efficient 14 - 22 shooting night , including 5 - 11 from three . Klay Thompson added 27 points ( 10 - 23 FG , 5 - 14 3PT ) as the Warriors ' starting backcourt outscored the Hawks starting guards 53 - 18 . Harrison Barnes was the only other Warrior to reach double figures , as he scored 14 on 5 - 8 shooting . Al Horford was a beast inside in the losing effort , as the Hawks center notched 23 points ( 10 - 20 FG ) , 16 rebounds , six assists and five blocks . Dennis Schroder came off the bench to score 18 points ( 8 - 12 FG ) in just 18 minutes , and Jeff Teague scored 16 points and added six assists . But the Hawks just could n't find their shot , as they made just 42 percent of their field goals and shot 10 - 34 ( 29 percent ) from three - point land . The Warriors continue their road trip Wednesday against the Heat . The Hawks welcome the Bulls for a Friday contest .
The Atlanta Hakws ( 41 - 29 ) comfortably defeated the Houston Rockets ( 35 - 35 ) on Saturday , 109 - 97 . Both teams have regressed heavily since making their respective conference finals in 2014 - 15 . Atlanta , a 60 - win team last season , is left jockying for position between third and sixth in the Eastern Conference . The win against Houston leaves them in third , half a game ahead of their rival Miami Heat . All-Star center Al Horford led the way for the team with 22 points , while also tallying nine rebounds and a pair of blocks . Young role player Tim Hardaway Jr. also contributed heavily , posting 20 points off the bench . The team shot an impressive 50 percent on the night . Houston , meanwhile , struggled from the field , shooting just 39 percent . The team also had issues with turnovers , coughing the ball up 17 times in total . A big positive , however , for Houston was recent bench acquisition Michael Beasley . The former second overall pick and reigning Chinese Basketball Association MVP dropped 30 points and pulled nine rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench . Houston will visit OKC on Tuesday , while Atlanta will host Washington on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 46 - 32 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 59 ) Tuesday night at Phillips Arena , 103 - 90 . Phoenix exploded to a 10 - point lead with a 38 - point first quarter and entered halftime with a 12 - point lead . But the Suns offense could n't maintain the pace , as they could n't reach 20 points in any of the final three quarters . The Hawks chipped away throughout the second half . Atlanta opened the fourth quarter on a 12 - 2 run to turn a 73 - 70 deficit into an 82 - 75 lead , and they would n't give it up . Jeff Teague 's 20 points led the Hawks as he knocked down three of his seven three - point attempts . The Hawks got double - doubles from Paul Millsap ( 13 points , 17 rebounds , eight assists ) and Al Horford ( 16 points , 10 rebounds ) . Kent Bazemore nearly added a third , as he poured in 17 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3PT ) , grabbed nine rebounds , dished five assists and swiped five steals . Atlanta shot just 41 percent from the floor , but they were active both on the offensive glass ( 13 offensive rebounds ) and in the passing lanes ( 16 steals ) , and that allowed them to nab the win despite lacking their shooting touch . Devin Booker made the Suns offense go , as he scored a game - high 34 points on a ludicrously efficient 12 - 25 shooting night , including 4 - 9 from deep . Booker added five rebounds , two assists and two steals and turned the ball over just twice despite using over 30 possessions . He got little help , though , as Ronnie Price was Phoenix 's second leading scorer with 14 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 4 - 7 3PT ) . Price committed seven turnovers , however , and the Suns were sloppy all night , as Phoenix committed 24 turnovers and managed just 19 assists . The Hawks continue their homestand Thursday against the Raptors . The Suns continue their road trip Thursday against the Rockets .
The Miami Heat ( 6 - 3 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 4 - 4 ) 92 - 91 on Thursday . Both teams played without key pieces , as Dwyane Wade was forced to miss the contest due to a family matter , while Rudy Gobert was unable to shake off the effects of the rolled ankle he suffered versus the Cavaliers on Tuesday . In their absences , Chris Bosh and Derrick Favors elevated their already impressive games and put their respective teams’ offenses on their shoulders . Bosh filled the stat sheet with 25 points , eight rebounds , four assists , and four blocks , including a key stuff at the basket on a driving Alec Burks late in the fourth quarter . Meanwhile , Favors posted a 25 - point,12 - rebound double - double that also included an eye - popping seven blocks , three steals , and a pair of assists . Favors’ gargantuan effort was supplemented by another excellent performance from Alec Burks off the Jazz bench . The fifth - year pro tallied his second consecutive 24 - point performance on a season - high 35 minutes . Gordon Hayward enjoyed a 24 - point night of his own , which marked a season high in scoring for the sixth - year pro . Unfortunately for Utah , starting shooting guard Rodney Hood was the only other player able to score in double figures , and he barely reached the benchmark with only 10 points . The Jazz dropped to 4 - 4 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division , pending the outcome of the ongoing Warriors-Timberwolves contest . They make the trek north for a road tilt versus Orlando on Friday . In addition to Bosh’s standout night , Tyler Johnson rivaled Burks with a strong performance in a reserve role himself , pouring in 17 points and chipping in four rebounds , three assists , two blocks , and a steal . Johnson’s efficient night helped to make up for the loss of Wade , as did Goran Dragic’s strong first - half performance . The Heat point guard was much quieter in the second half , but did make a couple of key free throws late in the game to finish as the only other Miami player with double - digit scoring ( 14 points ) . The Heat improves to 6 - 3 on the season and remains in second place behind the Atlanta Hawks in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division . They now benefit from four full days off before facing the Minnesota Timberwolves next Tuesday .
The Miami Heat ( 7 - 4 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 4 - 9 ) 116 - 109 on Thursday . The Kings found out earlier in the afternoon that they 'd lost starting power forward DeMarcus Cousins for the night , due to a suspension stemming from his forearm shot on Al Horford in Wednesday night 's contest versus the Hawks . The ripple effect of his absence brought Kosta Koufos and Omri Casspi into the starting lineup for Sacramento , which could have used their All-Star big man , particularly during a valiant effort to close their deficit in the second half . Although they found themselves in a 56 - 46 hole at the half , the Kings did finish with a healthy total of 109 points due to a number of valuable contributions across the lineup . Rajon Rondo held up his end of the bargain trying to keep the Kings offense running on all cylinders , coming within a rebound of a second consecutive triple - double and fourth in five games . The veteran point guard poured in 14 points and 18 assists , while hauling in nine boards for good measure . Rudy Gay supported Rondo 's effort with a double - double performance of his own , posting 13 points , 12 rebounds , a pair of assists , and a steal . Meanwhile , Casspi played a season - high 39 minutes and was productive with the extended court time , chipping in with a 16 - point , six - rebound effort . Ben McLemore continued to show signs of offensive life after a rough start to the season , amassing double - digit points ( 17 ) for the second consecutive night . Notably , Marco Belinelli contributed a season - high 23 points off the bench in a highly efficient 26 minutes . The Kings fell to 4 - 9 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They next head to Orlando for a date with the Magic on Saturday . The Heat benefited from strong bounce - back efforts from their two veteran stars , Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade . The All-Stars had each suffered through middling performances versus the Timberwolves on Tuesday , but took advantage of their respective favorable matchups against Sacramento . Free of having to bump bodies with Cousins all night , Bosh posted 23 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and a block in one of his most complete performances of the year . Wade stuffed the stat sheet as well , amassing 24 points , six assists , five rebounds and a pair of steals against the Kings ' vulnerable shooting guard defense . Hassan Whiteside had a relatively quiet game by his standards and could n't get on the stat sheet until well into the second quarter , but finished with a respectable 12 points , five rebounds , a pair of steals and four more blocks . Much like his Kings shooting guard counterpart Belinelli , Tyler Johnson turned in an impressive performance in a reserve role for Miami , pacing the Heat bench with 19 points over 25 minutes . The Heat improved to 7 - 4 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a showdown with the Sixers on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 8 - 4 ) held off the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 14 ) to win 96 - 91 on Saturday . This was the Sixers best chance at a win all season , but they couldn’t quite hold off the Heat . Miami ended the game on a 20 - 4 run and held the Sixers to one basket over the final seven - plus minutes . Not to mention , that one basket was a meaningless one with just seconds left in the game . The Heat held the Sixers to 38 percent shooting and blocked 14 shots in the win . Philadelphia 's bench was a bright spot though , as they outscored Miami 's bench 47 to 26 . This was a rough loss in a disastrous season for Philadelphia . They had a big lead early , but simply couldn’t hold on . They did get two great bench performances , as Robert Covington dropped 21 points while Isiah Caanan dropped 22 points . Philadelphia 's best player on this night was rookie Jahlil Okafor , who tallied 16 points , 11 rebounds and three steals en route to a double - double . The rookie now leads the team in scoring and is second on the team in rebounding . They might have their best chance at a win when they take on the equally - young Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday . The Heat looked horrible in the first half , but leaned on their stifling defense to pull out a big win . Miami got an outstanding performance from Dwyane Wade , who tallied 27 points , seven rebounds , four assists and three steals in the victory . Hassan Whiteside also had a great game , as he collected 13 points , nine rebounds and eight blocks in the win . Those eight blocks add to his already league - leading total and he 's truly playing at a different level this season than years past . This is one of the best defenses in the NBA right now and they showed why on Saturday . Miami will look to keep up their strong defense against the surging New York Knicks on Monday .
The Miami Heat ( 11 - 6 ) edged the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 11 - 8 ) 97 - 95 Thursday . The Heat utilized outstanding ball movement and another vintage performance from Dwyane Wade to stay a step ahead of the high - octane Thunder from the second quarter onward . Miami amassed a total of 25 assists while Wade posted his second outstanding performance over the last four days . After a season - high 30 point effort versus the Celtics Monday , the perennial All-Star provided a game - high 28 - point encore , and added four rebounds , four assists and a steal . He also scored the final eight crucial points of the game for the Heat , including two game - winning free throws with 2 seconds left that he earned by driving hard to the basket on the final possession . The Thunder received typically extraordinary performances from Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant . The offensive linchpins posted a pair of 25 - point efforts , with Westbrook adding seven assists , five rebounds and a steal , and Durant complementing his scoring with nine boards and five dimes . However , the only other double - digit scoring on the night for OKC came from the bench , in the form of a 13 - point effort from Dion Waiters and a 10 - point outing from Enes Kanter . Serge Ibaka and Steven Adams contributed a pair of nine - point efforts and added seven and eight boards , respectively . Andre Roberson could n't help on the scoreboard with only two points , but did haul in nine rebounds . Overall , the Thunder controlled the glass , outrebounding the Heat 44 to 35 in the contest . Oklahoma_City fell to 11 - 8 but retains possession of first place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Kings on Sunday . Miami enjoyed double - digit performances from three other starters besides Wade . Chris Bosh had a strong game versus Ibaka , tallying 16 points , eight rebounds , a pair of assists and a pair of steals . Goran Dragic turned in his highest - scoring effort in over two weeks with 14 points , and added seven assists , three rebounds and two steals on a busy night against Westbrook . Hassan Whiteside contributed 11 points and hauled in eight boards , with his customary pair of blocks thrown in for good measure . Josh McRoberts paced the Miami bench with a season - high 12 points , and added four assists and three rebounds . The Heat improved to 11 - 6 and currently reside in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home to take on former teammate LeBron James and the Cavaliers in a Saturday night showdown .
The Toronto Raptors ( 17 - 11 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 15 - 10 ) by a score of 108 - 94 , Friday night in Miami . The game was tight in the beginning , with Miami up five going into the half . Toronto came out of the dressing room ready to compete and outscored the Heat 58 - 39 the rest of the way . This was a big win for the Raptors who were coming off losses to two top Eastern teams , Indiana and Charlotte . The Raptors would have been asking questions had they lost this one too , however they managed to snap the Heat 's three - game winning streak and get back on track with the W. Toronto shot strong percentages all around , going 51 percent from the field , 81 percent from the free throw line and a better - than - average 38 percent from the beyond the arc . The Raptors also took care of the ball very well , only giving up seven turnovers on the game . DeMar DeRozan made sure his team did not drop three straight by offering up 30 points on strong shooting ( 10 - 17 FG , 10 - 13 FT ) . DeRozan also logged four rebounds , four assists and two steals , in a hefty 40 minutes . Kyle Lowry was big as well with 21 points , four assists , three rebounds and four steals , in 37 minutes . Luis Scola chipped in 20 points of his own , on 9 - 16 shooting . Terrence Ross was efficient off the bench with 17 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt ) . DeMarre Carroll remained out with a knee contusion . Miami shot the ball reasonably well but lost the rebounding battle and also gave up six more turnovers than their competition , a combination that will not lead to many wins . Dwyane Wade led the Heat in scoring with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with six assists and four rebounds . Wade however gave up eight turnovers , in 31 minutes . Gerald Green gave the Heat a great spark off the bench , as usual , finishing with 20 points . Green shot a blistering 5 - 10 from beyond the arc and went 7 - 15 over - all from the field . Goran Dragic contributed a healthy 18 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , five assists and two rebounds in 33 minutes . Josh McRoberts remained out with a sore knee . Next Miami will host the Trail Blazers on Sunday . The Raptors will be back at home to host the Kings on Sunday , after going 1 - 2 on their road trip .
The Miami Heat ( 19 - 13 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 19 - 14 ) 106 - 82 on Friday . Perennial All-Star Dwyane Wade was not expected to play after experiencing flu - like symptoms Friday afternoon . However , the veteran decided to tough things out and remain active in a reserve role , in an effort to help the Heat put a halt to a recent cold spell that had seen them lose three of their last five contests . The move paid off , as the 33 - year - old collected 10 points , seven assists , two rebounds and a steal over just 19 minutes off the bench . Miami was able to dominate the contest with outstanding shooting and highly productive performances from their starters as well , as they tallied an impressive 56 shooting percentage from the field , and a solid 44 percent from beyond the arc . Meanwhile , their suffocating defense stymied Dallas to the tune of 36 and 23 percent tallies , respectively , in those categories . As evidenced by the final score and the aforementioned team shooting figures , the Mavericks obviously had significant trouble making a dent on the scoreboard , and their top scorer netted only 14 points . That player was surprisingly Zaza Pachulia , who did also add 13 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Wesley Matthews ( 12 points , four rebounds and an assist ) and Dirk Nowitzki ( 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal ) were the only other starters in double figures points - wise , while Charlie Villanueva and Deron Williams led the reserves with a pair of nine - point efforts . J.J. Barea , drawing the start for Williams , could only contribute six points and five assists . Dallas dropped to 19 - 14 and currently resides in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday . The Heat 's starting five was spearheaded by a monster double - double from Hassan Whiteside that was reminscent of many of his dominant performances from his breakout 2014 - 15 campaign . The four - year pro managed 25 points and a season - high 19 rebounds , along with a block . Chris Bosh poured in 16 points and added seven rebounds and four assists , while Goran Dragic continued his recent stretch of solid offensive play with 15 points , seven assists , four rebounds and three steals . In addition to Wade 's strong performance off the bench , Gerald Green made a splash with a 19 - point , three - rebound , two - assist effort over 33 minutes that paced the Miami reserves . While Tyler Johnson ( eight points , three rebounds ) drew the start in Wade 's stead , Green got hot from the field and received some extra run as a result . The Heat improved to 19 - 13 and have vaulted into second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division by virtue of their victory and the Magic 's loss to the Wizards earlier in the evening . They now hit the road to face off against the Wizards on Sunday .
It took overtime for the Miami Heat ( 21 - 13 ) to defeat the Indiana Pacers ( 19 - 15 ) by a score of 103 - 100 , Monday night in Miami . Coming into this game the Pacers were 20 in the season series against the Heat and it looked like they would get their third win of the series as they were up by 18 with five minutes to go in the third . However , Miami put on their rally caps and came all the way back to take their first lead with about three and a half minutes to go in the fourth . After a dramatic final 58 seconds the Heat found themselves down by two , with two seconds left and a side inbound . Dwyane Wade then swerved his way to the basket for a buzzer - beating , game - tying lay - up . The Heat finished the job with a solid overtime period . Wade finished the game with 27 points ( 9 - 22 FG , 9 - 10 FT ) , eight rebounds and three assists , in 37 minutes . Chris Bosh tallied an impressive 31 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 13 - 16 FT ) and 11 rebounds , in 41 minutes . Goran Dragic chipped in 13 points , five rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes . Chris Andersen started in place of Hassan Whiteside , who sat this one out with a sore knee , but did not contribute significantly . Miami took good care of the ball , giving up only eight turnovers in the game . The Heat were playing on the second night of a back - to - back and are now 30 in 2016 . Indiana 's George Hill sat this one out due to food poisoning and in his place Monta Ellis started at point guard . Ellis had a solid performance , with 17 points ( 8 - 17 FG ) , nine assists and three rebounds , in 41 minutes . Paul George continued his stellar performance in games against the Heat this season , as he finished with 32 points ( 12 - 29 FG , 5 - 13 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 41 minutes . Jordan Hill notched a double - double in 20 minutes off the bench , with 10 points and 12 rebounds . C.J. Miles started after missing games with a shoulder injury , however he only played seven minutes , indicating he is not yet 100 percent . Next the Pacers will play the second game of their current four - game road trip on Wednesday , in Orlando . The Heat will host the New York Knicks on Wednesday for another marquee Eastern Conference match - up .
The New_York Knicks ( 18 - 19 ) took down the Miami Heat ( 21 - 14 ) on Wednesday , 98 - 90 , in a battle of two of the Eastern Conference 's most improved teams . The Knicks became the first team in the league to match their win total from 2014 - 15 on Tuesday , as defeated the Hawks for their 17th win of the season . New_York has now won three in a row , and sits just one game shy of .500 . The Knicks ' efforts were bolstered , as always , by the play of superstar Carmelo Anthony . After posting a big double - double in Atlanta , Melo continued to shine as he dropped in 25 points to go with five rebounds and four assists . Offseason acquisition Robin Lopez also posted an impressive 19 points on 9 - for - 12 shooting . Highly-publicized rookie Kristaps Porzingis , however , had an underwhelming night , posting just 10 points and four rebounds on 3 - of - 10 shooting . The rookie got off to a ridiculously hot start to the season , but slowed down a bit starting in early December . The Heat had been carrying a three game win - streak headed into their matchup against New_York . Miami , who missed the playoffs for the first time in seven years last season , now sits well above .500 and leads the Southeast Division . Perennial All-Star Chris Bosh lit it up for Miami against New_York , knocking down 12 shots for 28 points . Ultimately , Bosh 's efforts were n't enough for the Heat to get past Melo and the Knicks , however . Miami will look to turn things around on Friday as they travel to Phoenix to take on the struggling Suns . For the Knicks , on the other hand , maintaining the win streak will be difficult , as they travel to San Antonio on Friday to face off against the Spurs . San Antonio remains a perfect 200 at home .
The Miami Heat ( 27 - 21 ) defeated the visiting Atlanta Hawks ( 27 - 22 ) 105 - 87 , Sunday night at American Airlines Arena . The division - rival Heat and Hawks came into this game neck - and - neck in the Eastern Conference standings . With this win Miami overtakes Atlanta for fourth in the standings and also as Southwest Division leader . Both teams saw their streaks extended with this result . Miami has now won a season - high four straight , while Atlanta has dropped three . The Hawks are 2 - 19 when held under 97 points and have struggled lately , winning only one of their last six games . Miami got out to a great start , shooting 52 percent from the field in the first half . They led by 13 at halftime and stayed on top for the remainder of the contest . Chris Bosh led Miami in scoring with 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and two assists , in 33 minutes . Dwyane Wade tallied 17 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) , eight assists and four rebounds , in 28 minutes . Amar'e Stoudemire started in place of Hassan Whiteside , who missed his sixth game with a sore hip . Stoudemire was solid with 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) , 12 rebounds and three steals , in 21 minutes . The Hawks struggled shooting in the first half , hitting only 28 percent from the field . They improved slightly the rest of the way , hitting 38 percent in the game . Paul Millsap was in action after being questionable due to a sore ankle . Millsap led the Hawks in scoring along with Al Horford , as they both tallied 17 points . Millsap added five rebounds , two steals and one assist , while Horford added four rebounds , two assists , two blocked shots and one steal . Jeff Teague struggled from the field , hitting only 3 - 11 and 0 - 5 from long range . Teague finished with 15 points , six assists , two steals and one block , before fouling out with four minutes left in the game . The Hawks will be right back in action on Monday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks . The Hawks will be looking to snap a three - game losing streak . The Heat will have a day off before initiating a three - game road trip with a match in Houston on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 34 - 17 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 29 - 23 ) 100 - 93 on Sunday . In a game full of All-Stars , all the studs shot poorly . All three players who were voted into this year 's All-Star game took at least 17 shots and all three shot 35 percent or below from the field . That killed Miami all - around as well , with the team combining to shoot below 40 percent in the defeat . The turnovers were huge , with the Clippers forcing 13 turnovers , while committing just seven of their own . The Clippers continue to play good ball , as they won this game as a road underdog . Chris Paul was the star for Los_Angeles , as he scored 22 points and dished out seven assists in the win , despite shooting 8 - for - 23 from the field . Jamal Crawford scored 20 points once again , which marked his fourth - straight time doing that off the bench . The Clippers have a short turnaround , as they play the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday in their next game . Miami simply couldn’t buy a shot and it was amazing they hung around as long as they did . Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh scored 17 points each , but combined to shoot 12 - for - 37 from the field and 7 - for - 12 from the free - throw line . Goran Dragic played well though , as he amassed 17 points of his own , while also handing out five assists and grabbing five boards . It doesn’t get much easier in the Heat 's next game , as they host the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The Miami Heat ( 32 - 24 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 30 - 26 ) in a potential playoff preview matchup Monday at American Airlines Arena , 101 - 93 in overtime . Dwyane Wade sunk a pair of free throws with four seconds left to give Indiana an 88 - 87 lead , but he fouled Monta Ellis on the other end with less than a second remaining to give the Pacers a chance to end it in overtime . Ellis missed the first , however , and the game went to overtime . The Heat sunk the first three field goals of overtime and never trailed in the extra period as they pulled out the victory . Goran Dragic led the Heat with 24 points ( 10 - 17 FG ) and added eight rebounds and five assists . Hassan Whiteside played 41 minutes off the bench and scored 19 points , grabbed 18 rebounds and blocked six shots . Justice Winslow filled up the box score as he earned big minutes in overtime , as he scored 15 points , grabbed seven rebounds , dished four assists and swiped four steals . The Heat pulled off the victory despite awful shooting , as they mustered just 38 - 100 from the floor and 2 - 13 from three - pont land ( 15 percent ) . Paul George led all scorers with 31 points ( 11 - 24 FG , 4 - 7 3PT ) and added 11 rebounds , four assists and three steals . Myles Turner scored 16 points and added five rebounds and two blocks , but fouled out in overtime . Ian Mahinmi was the only other Pacers starter in double figures , as he scored 11 points on 3 - 5 shooting . The Pacers missed nine free throws , including Ellis 's critical last - second front - end miss , and shot just 64 percent ( 16 - 25 ) from the line . The Pacers return home to host the Knicks on Wednesday . The Heat continue their homestand Wednesday against Golden State .
The Miami Heat ( 34 - 26 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 29 ) 129 - 111 on Tuesday . It 's often said that a change of scenery can do wonders for a player 's outlook and consequently , his performance . Such appears to be the case with Miami 's latest acquisition , 15 - year veteran Joe Johnson . In just his second game in a Heat uniform , Johnson paced the starting unit with 24 points , and added five rebounds , four assists and a block , his second performance of 20 points or more in two games in South Florida . He was an integral part of a historic shooting performance for the home squad , which tallied a 68 percent success rate from the field , including 50 percent from beyond the arc . Not only was it the top team shooting night to date in the 2015 - 16 campaign , but also the 17th - best such effort in the last 50 seasons . The 129 points also represented Miami 's highest scoring tally of the season . Lost in the Heat 's offense 's coming - out party was a pretty fair showing on the scoreboard by the Bulls . Seven Chicago players - - four starters and three reserves - - managed double - digit scoring , led by Derrick Rose 's 17 points . He added three assists and a steal , in his first game back from the hamstring ailment that had caused him to miss the three previous contests . Aaron Brooks followed with a 16 - point performance that paced the Bulls ' bench , and that also included a pair of rebounds and an assist . Pau Gasol was next with a near double - double , registering 15 points , nine boards , six assists and a block . Taj Gibson supplied 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Mike Dunleavy amassed 10 points , two rebounds and an assist . Bobby Portis and Doug McDermott were the other two reserves with double - digit scoring , as they each contributed 11 points . The former also brought down seven boards and recored four steals , while the latter complemented his scoring total with a rebound , an assist and a steal . The Bulls are in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and dropped a half - game back of the now eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons with the loss . They head up the road to Orlando for an encounter with the Magic on Wednesday night . With such a prolific showing , the Heat naturally had plenty to be pleased about on the stat sheet . Hassan Whiteside continued to show that perhaps coming off the bench is what best suits him , as he once again paced Miami with a 26 - point , 14 - rebound effort that also included an assist and four blocks . It was notably the sixth straight double - double in his six post - All - Star - break games , all in a reserve role . Johnson was next with his aforementioned 24 - point haul , and he also posted five rebounds , four assists and a block . Luol Deng continued his solid stretch of play , totaling 20 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Dwyane Wade was next in line with 18 points , seven assists and a pair of rebounds , and Goran Dragic was right behind with a 17 - point , 11 - assist double - double that was supplemented with four boards and a steal . Miami sits atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeastern Division , and currently has a hold on the fourth seed in the conference as well . They remain home to face the Phoenix Suns on Thursday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 46 ) lost for the15th time in their last 16 games Thursday , falling 108 - 92 to the host Miami Heat ( 35 - 26 ) . Miami 's backcourt of Dwyane Wade and Goran Dragic combined for 52 points in the contest , dropping in 27 and 25 respectively . Wade also contributed seven assists in what was a resounding victory for the Miami squad . Despite the absence of power forward Chris Bosh , who has been sidelined with blood clots , Miami has held steadily onto fourth place in the Eastern Conference . Nights like Thursday certainly help , as Miami shot exquisitely from the field , posting 48 percent including 53 percent from deep . On Phoenix 's side , meanwhile , rookie Devin Booker scored a career - high 34 points in 39 minutes . The 19 - year - old sharpshooter has made a big splash early on in his NBA career , capturing attention for his lights - out shooting and NBA-ready skill set . Despite being one of the youngest rookies , Booker is now just the second member of the 2015 draft class with multiple 30 - point games , joining first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns . In the absence of injured stars Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight , the fresh - faced rookie has been handed the reigns to the offense , a role that he embraced with his team - high 21 shot attempts on Thursday . Booker proved himself as a knockdown shooter , hitting 11 of his shots including three three - pointers and also going 9 - for - 9 from the free - throw line . Another young rising star in Phoenix , third - year center Alex Len , played a team - high 40 minutes and recorded a double - double , dropping in 12 points and pulling down 13 rebounds . It was a resounding loss nonetheless for the Suns , who have quickly become the NBA 's coldest team . With Bledsoe and Knight both inactive , Phoenix looks destined to add another high lottery pick to their already young group of players . The Suns will visit Orlando on Friday to face the Magic , while the Heat will travel to Philadelphia to take on the league - worst 76ers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 39 - 29 ) picked up a critical road win Thursday against the Miami Heat ( 39 - 29 ) at AmericanAirlines Arena , 109 - 106 . The Heat controlled this one early , as they jumped out to a 45 - 30 lead halfway through the second quarter . But the Hornets chipped away and were able to pull into halftime with a two - point lead . The Hornets led for much of the second half but the game remained close throughout , as Charlotte never held a lead larger than eight points . The Heat pulled within two points with 5:22 to go and within one on a Dwyane Wade layup with 11 seconds to go . But Wade 's three - pointer with 2 seconds went begging , and the Hornets withstood the comeback attempt . Kemba Walker ( 7 - 18 FG , 4 - 9 3PT ) and Al Jefferson ( 10 - 16 FG ) led the Hornets with 21 points apiece . Walker added seven assists and rebounds each , and Jefferson grabbed 10 rebounds for his second double - double in his past four games despite his continued minutes restriction . Nicolas Batum scored 19 ( 7 - 19 FG ) and added seven assists . The Hornets caught fire from three - point land , as they drilled 13 of 26 attempts ( 50 percent ) . Luol Deng 's 22 points for the Heat led all scorers , as he shot 7 - 13 from the floor and knocked down a pair of three - pointers . Josh Richardson scored 18 points , the second - highest outcome of his rookie year , on a brilliant 7 - 9 shooting night ( 3 - 4 3PT ) . Hassan Whiteside scored 17 points and seven rebounds to round out a solid bench effort from the Heat . They shot a brilliant 53 percent from the floor , but committed 15 turnovers , seven more than Charlotte , and their sloppiness cost them . The Heat next host the Cavaliers on Saturday . The Hornets return home for a Saturday matchup against Denver .
The Miami Heat ( 46 - 32 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 39 - 40 ) 106 - 98 on Thursday . The Heat 's overall defense , as well as their outstanding shooting in the second half , helped key the victory . Miami held Chicago to a paltry 21 success rate from three - point range , and outscored the visitors by a considerable margin of 65 - 52 over the third and fourth quarters . All five Heat starters , as well as two reserves , managed double - digit scoring , and their second - half scoring haul was the team 's best point total after intermission this season . Chicago was paced by Jimmy Butler , who bounced back from one of the worst performances of his career in his last game to post 25 points , six assists , a rebound and a block . Pau Gasol was next with a 21 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and four blocks . Derrick Rose , still nursing a hyperextended elbow , was able to contribute 17 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals . Justin Holiday paced the bench with nine points , three assists , two rebounds , two blocks and a steal . The Bulls are now in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are three games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They 're home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday . The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade 's 21 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Joe Johnson was next with 17 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Goran Dragic filled out the stat sheet with 16 points , 12 rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Luol Deng finished with 13 points , three assists and two rebounds , while Amare Stoudemire rounded things out for the first unit with 10 points , three rebounds and three steals . As customary , Hassan Whiteside paced the bench , tallying 16 points , 12 rebounds , a steal and a block . Josh Richardson continued his solid rookie season with 11 points , two rebounds and an assist in a reserve role . Miami is now in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is slotted in the fifth seed as well . They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday night .
The Hornets ( 4 - 4 ) held on to survive the Knicks ( 4 - 5 ) by a score of 95 - 93 at Time Warner Cable Arena on Wednesday . With 2 seconds remaining , Cody Zeller made a nice move to get open on the inbounds and flipped the ball home to give the Hornets a two - point lead . The Knicks thought they had the win when rookie Kristaps Porzingus drained a desperation three - pointer with 0 seconds left , but the shot did n't count . Carmelo Anthony had a chance to win the game , but his shot bounced off the side of the backboard and went back to Charlotte . New_York blew a 10 - point lead going into the fourth quarter . Anthony finished with a game - high 29 points ( 12 - 25 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and is slowly creeping his season average back to where he normally is at . Coach Derek Fisher rolled with a deep lineup again as 12 Knicks saw playing time . Despite the blown lead , New_York played solid defense for most of the night - - particularly Robin Lopez , who shut down Al Jefferson . Porzingus had a game - high 15 rebounds to go along with 10 points for his fourth double - double of the season . Trailing by 10 going into the final quarter , the Hornets employed two Jeremy 's - - Lin and Lamb - - off the bench and the duo was able to drag Charlotte back into the game . Lin scored eight of his 17 points in the fourth outplayed Kemba Walker for a second consecutive game . Walker , who finished with nine points ( 2 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , was a bit banged up during one of the final possessions of the game . Nicolas Batum had the best night for Charlotte , posting a team - high 24 points ( 10 - 18 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 5 FT ) while pulling down five rebounds over 36 minutes . The Knicks host LeBron James and the Cavaliers on Friday ; the Hornets head to Chicago to take on the Bulls .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 7 - 6 ) handled the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 13 ) 113 - 88 on Friday . These were two teams going in opposite directions coming into Friday 's game and that fact ended up playing out on the court yet again . It was a 21 - point game at the half and the Sixers couldn’t really recover after that poor start . The biggest discrepancies in the game were the free - throw shooting and turnovers . Charlotte made 21 - of - 22 free - throws while the Sixers went just 16 - for - 22 and the Hornets won the turnover battle 17 - 11 . It was already ugly for the Sixers , but it 's getting down right atrocious at this point . What 's really hurting this team is their offense , as they rank dead - last in the NBA in scoring and lowered that average here . Philadelphia opted to go with a smaller lineup by bringing Nerlens Noel off the bench , which is a strange move considering he 's arguably their best player . He still played 27 minutes and tallied 16 points and nine rebounds in the loss . The best player for the Sixers on this night was Nik Stauskas , who totaled 15 points , three assists and two rebounds in the defeat . Philadelphia will look to grab that first elusive win in Miami on Saturday against the Heat . The Hornets are quietly one of the hottest teams in the NBA right now , as they have won seven of their last 10 games . Much of that success can be credited to Nicolas Batum , but it was the mainstay combo of Kemba Walker and Al Jefferson who got it done on Friday night . Walker tallied 20 points and seven assists while Jefferson collected 26 points , 10 rebounds and five blocks in the win . Rookie Frank Kaminsky also had his best game in his short career , contributing nine points , three rebounds and three assists in the victory . This is a dangerous team in the East going forward and they look like a threat to make the playoffs and possibly win a game in the postseason for the first time in 14 years . They 'll look to keep up this form against the Sacramento Kings on Monday .
The Hornets ( 8 - 6 ) mounted a huge comeback to defeat the Kings ( 5 - 10 ) 127 - 122 in overtime at Time Warner Cable Arena on Monday . After trailing by 17 points after the third quarter , the Hornets stormed back by outscoring the Kings 38 - 21 in the fourth quarter . Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte with a season - and game - high 39 points ( 16 - 23 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , including the go - ahead basket late in the fourth that nearly won the game had it not been for Rudy Gay 's game - tying alley - oop off an inbounds play with 1 seconds remaining . As if the loss was n't bad enough , the Kings lost DeMarcus Cousins in overtime due to a stiff back . He finished with a team - high 30 points ( 13 - 21 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds . Point guard Rajon Rondo set the Kings ' single - game record with 20 assists while adding 14 points , eight rebounds and four steals . He also threw the pass that helped force overtime and has been putting up huge numbers as of late for a Sacramento squad that has been defensively challenged this season . Rondo has four triple - doubles and two double - doubles in his past nine games . It was certainly `` Kemba Time '' in Charlotte on Monday night , as Walker looked like the guard that led UConn to a National Championship . He was able to get pretty much whatever shot he wanted with Rondo and Darren Collison unable to contain him . With the win , the Hornets remained one of the NBA 's best home teams with a 6 - 1 record . Nicolas Batum had an off night shooting the basketball , but nearly contributed a triple - double with the extra frame , finishing with 18 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists over 43 minutes . The Kings wrap up a five - game road trip Wednesday against the Bucks ; the Hornets play the fourth of a seven - game homestand against the Wizards .
The Boston Celtics ( 16 - 13 ) held on for a 102 - 89 victory against the host Charlotte Hornets ( 15 - 13 ) on Wednesday . The Hornets trailed 72 - 52 late in the third quarter before mounting a comeback . They pulled to within six points , 92 - 86 , with three minutes left in the fourth quarter , but the Celtics stiffened and outsored Charlotte 10 - 3 down the stretch to seal the game . The Celtics , who led throughout , have won back - to - back games after losing four of their previous five . Kelly Olynyk led five Celtics in double figures , totaling 20 points , nine rebounds and three steals . Jae Crowder scored 19 while Isaiah Thomas and Avery Bradley each added 18 points . David Lee scored 10 off the bench . For the Hornets , it was a night of futility . They committed 17 turnovers and shot 36 percent from the field , including 8 of 28 from three - point range . Frank Kaminsky scored a season - high 23 points to lead Charlotte . Nicholas Batum had 17 points and seven assists , though he was just 6 of 15 from the field .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 20 - 13 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 14 ) Wednesday 122 - 117 at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte . Despite being without their star in the frontcourt , Blake Griffin , the Clippers continue to roll as this victory was their fourth straight . It was a steady battle throughout the night , but LA was able to open up a large enough lead in the first quarter to hold on . They were lead by J.J. Redick , who scored an incredibly efficient 26 points in 27 minutes while shooting 5 - of - 6 from three . Chris Paul notched a double - double of 19 points and 11 assists on top of five rebounds in 30 minutes , while DeAndre Jordan added one of his own , finishing with 13 points and 13 boards in 33 minutes . The surprise performance of the night came from Austin Rivers , who scored 22 points in just 20 minutes off the bench . The team’s offensively efficiency is what carried them to victory , as they shot 50 percent from three and 52 percent overall . For the Hornets , Kemba Walker had a huge night , scoring 29 points and dishing out seven assists in 37 minutes . Additionally , Frank Kaminsky continues to improve in his rookie campaign , as he finished with 20 points in 28 minutes off the bench , while Jeremy Lamb added 19 of his own as a reserve . Up next , the Clippers will head to New Orleans Thursday to take on the Pelicans , while the Hornets will head to Toronto Friday to play the Raptors .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 24 - 10 ) routed the Hornets ( 17 - 16 ) in Charlotte on Saturday , 109 - 90 . The Thunder have been on a tear of late , picking up 13 of their last 15 games . After a mediocre start , OKC has established themselves comfortably as the third - ranked team in the Western Conference , and have slowly been gaining on the second seed San Antonio Spurs , who currently rank dead last in strength of schedule . 2014 MVP Kevin Durant led the way for the Thunder with a 29 - point scoring performance . Durant paired the impressive points total with 11 rebounds and four blocked shots , contributing to the Thunder 's impressive 15 total blocks . All-NBA point guard Russell Westbrook showcased his skill too , posting a well - rounded stat line of 16 points , six rebounds , and seven assists . The dynamic duo of Durant and Westbrook has been elecrtic this season , as both players rank in the top four in the league in scoring . The Hornets , meanwhile , got off to a blazing hot start this season but have slowed down recently . Charlotte is now just 7 - 9 in the month of December and have dropped three straight games . Star point guard Kemba Walker , however , has not wavered in the face of the losing streak . Walker delivered a dominant 32 points , which he coupled with three steals on the defensive end . Walker 's effort was not enough , however , as the team was held to just 35 percent shooting from the field on the night . OKC will hope to continue playing winning basketball as they prepare to take on the Sacramento Kings on Monday . Charlotte , on the other hand , will face a tough challenge as they take to the road against the 30 - 2 Golden State Warriors on Monday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 18 - 20 ) snapped a seven - game losing streak with a decisive 107 - 84 win over the Atlanta Hawks ( 23 - 16 ) on Wednesday . Charlotte was finally able to turn its luck around on Wednesday , as the team maintained a firm lead over Atlanta for the final three quarters . Point guard Kemba Walker led the team with 23 points , and also provided a strong defensive performance as he stole the ball three times . Backup Jeremy Lim provided a valuable spark off the bench for Charlotte , as he poured in 19 points and went 8 - for - 8 from the free - throw line . With center Al Jefferson ( meniscus ) still out , Cody Zeller was able to shine in his starting role , posting a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double along with three blocks . The Hornets simply dominated every aspect of the game , out - rebounding Atlanta 54 - 37 and shooting 7 percent better from the field . The Hawks , who came into the game well - rested and holding onto first place in the Southeast Division , simply could not make anything happen in Charlotte . All-Star forward Paul Millsap was the only Hawk to score in double - digits , as he led the team with 20 points . Overall , Atlanta struggled from the field , shooting just 37 percent on the night . In what was an unusual issue for Atlanta , a team known for its ball movement , the Hornets held a 26 - 17 advantage in team assists . Atlanta will look to get the ball moving better in a Friday night matchup against Milwaukee . Charlotte , meanwhile , will hope that its luck has changed for good , as it prepares to take on New Orleans on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 19 - 22 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 18 - 23 ) 124 - 119 in double overtime on Monday afternoon . What was expected to be a low - scoring contest turned into a back - and - forth showdown between the teams ' two best offensive players . Kemba Walker was outstanding for Charlotte , amassing a career - high and franchise - record 52 points , while Utah 's Gordon Hayward responded with 36 points of his own . While the spotlight largely and rightfully shone on that pair of remarkable efforts , Trey Burke also put together a notable performance while pacing the Jazz 's bench , which included a 23 - foot three - point jumper with 13 seconds remaining in regulation that sent the game into its first extra period . Burke 's key basket culiminated a 31 - 22 run by Utah in the fourth quarter to erase what had been a 73 - 64 deficit entering the period . After Rudy Gobert 's dunk off a Hayward assist with seven seconds left in the first overtime tied things up at 108 , Walker drained four free throws in the final minute of the sixth quarter to put a cap on what was a record - setting afternoon and send the Hornets to the locker room as weary victors . Hayward added nine assists , five rebounds , a pair of steals and a block to his team - high scoring total to pace the Jazz . Burke 's memorable afternoon consisted of a season - high 25 points , along with three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Gobert put together a second straight impressive double - double , tallying 14 points , hauling in 14 boards , dishing out three assists , and recording a steal and two blocks . Trevor Booker also made a significant contribution off the bench with 12 points , eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Utah fell to 18 - 23 and remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to New York to take on the Knicks on Wednesday . Walker almost added a triple - double to his spectacular afternoon , supplementing his eye - popping scoring numbers with nine rebounds and eight assists . He also threw in a pair of thefts . Marvin Williams was a distant second to him in scoring , but still turned in a solid effort with 19 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Cody Zeller managed 14 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block , while Nicolas Batum was a rebound short of a double - double with 10 points , nine boards , four assists and a steal . Rookie Frank Kaminsky III paced the Charlotte bench with 17 points , seven rebounds and a block . The Hornets improved to 19 - 22 but remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 24 - 25 ) dealt the Eastern Conference-leading Cleveland Cavaliers ( 35 - 13 ) their second loss under coach Tyronn Lue on Wednesday , winning 106 - 97 in Charlotte . Despite a severe slide to start the new year , Charlotte remains in the mix for the Eastern Conference playoffs . The team has now won five or their last seven games , including a 101 - 82 blowout of the Los Angeles Lakers . The Hornets hold one of the largest disparities between home and road record in the league , as they are now 17 - 8 at Time Warner Cable Arena but just 7 - 17 away from their home court . On Wednesday , guard Jeremy Lin earned props from owner and NBA legend Michael Jordan for his strong performance . Lin delivered 24 points , five rebounds and eight assists , leading the team in both scoring and dimes dished . Recently returned defensive anchor Michael Kidd-Gilchrist delivered an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double double , while rookie lottery pick Frank Kaminsky provided a spark off the bench with 15 points . Cleveland , meanwhile , struggled to move the ball , recording just 16 team assists . Power forward Kevin Love was held to a paltry 4 - for - 12 from the field , while shooting guard JR Smith also went cold , going just 5 - for - 14 on the night . The non - Love members of the big three still put up a strong fight , however , with Kyrie Irving scoring a team - high 26 points and LeBron James going for 23 points , six rebounds , and six assists . The Cavaliers will host the Celtics on Friday . Charlotte will also see action on Friday , as they play host to the Miami Heat .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 25 - 26 ) defeated the visiting Washington Wizards ( 22 - 27 ) 108 - 104 , Saturday night at Time Warner Cable Arena . This division - rival contest meant even more considering the Hornets came into this game one game ahead of the tenth place Wizards . This was also the second night of a back - to - back for both teams who nonetheless fought for the full 48 minutes . Charlotte was down by 10 heading into halftime but came back with a 30 - 17 third quarter , which put them up by three , entering the final quarter . The teams went back - and - forth until Jeremy Lin hit a dagger three - pointer to put Charlotte up by four with 29 seconds remaining . Despite the Wizards ' best efforts to extend the game with free throws , Charlotte took care of business and earned the victory at home . Nicolas Batum showed no signs of an injured toe that had been plaguing him recently , as he led the Hornets with 26 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , 11 rebounds , nine assists , in 43 minutes . Kemba Walker added 23 points ( 8 - 20 FG,4-10 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) five rebounds and five assists , in 35 minutes . Marvin Williams notched a double - double with 13 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 10 rebounds , in 28 minutes . The Hornets hit 12 - of - 27 from distance and 20 - of - 25 free throws as they closed - out the Wizards . Three players scored 20 or more for the Wizards , including John Wall who led the team with 23 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , 10 assists , six rebounds and two steals , in 39 minutes . Otto Porter Jr. tallied 20 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , along with eight rebounds and four steals , in 39 minutes . Bradley Beal provided a big lift in just 20 minutes off the bench , as he finished with 22 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , three assists and two rebounds . The Wizards are 3 - 7 in their last 10 games and need to find some consistency if they hope to make ground in the East . The Wizards will be in New York on Wednesday to face the Knicks , in what will be their second of a three - game road trip . The Hornets host the Bulls on Tuesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 26 - 26 ) picked up an Eastern Conference home win Monday night at Time Warner Cable Arena over the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 24 ) , 108 - 91 . The Hornets never trailed as they jumped out to an 18 - point first quarter lead behind a brilliant offensive display , as they poured in 38 points in the period . Charlotte sustained its offense with the three - point shot , as they made a blistering 14 of 36 attempts ( 39 percent ) from behind the arc . It marks the 11th time the Hornets have sunk at least 14 threes in a game , and they improved to 7 - 4 in those contests . Kemba Walker hit four of those three - pointers en route to scoring a game - high 30 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 4 - 9 3PT , 10 - 13 FT ) , and he added eight assists . Nicolas Batum had a fantastic all - around game , as he scored 19 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3PT ) , grabbed 13 rebounds , and dished eight assists . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist poured in a season - high 20 points , grabbed seven rebounds and blocked two shots in just his sixth game back from a shoulder injury that sidelined him to begin the season . Pau Gasol notched his eighth double - double in the past 10 games as he scored a team - high 22 points for the Bulls and added 10 rebounds to go with seven assists , two steals and three blocks . No other starter for the Bulls scored more than 12 points , although Doug McDermott scored 14 points ( 6 - 11 FG ) off the bench and has scored in double - digits in three of the past four games . The Bulls shot a sharp 40 percent ( 10 - 25 ) from three but managed to hit just 38 percent of their two - point shots ( 25 - 65 ) . The Bulls return home Wednesday to face the Hawks . The Hornets take to the road for a Wednesday matchup against the Pacers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 33 - 28 ) defeated the visiting Indiana Pacers ( 32 - 30 ) 108 - 101 , on Friday night at Time Warner Cable Arena . The Hornets came into this game ranked sixth in the East , half a game ahead of the seventh place Pacers , whom they recently overtook in the standings . After a tight three quarters Charlotte pulled away thanks to a 26 - 8 run to end the third and begin the fourth quarter . The Hornets started out shooting 10 - 15 from distance but cooled off and finished the game 13 - 31 from beyond the arc . With this win Charlotte sweeps the season series against Indiana ( 30 ) , for the first time in franchise history . The Hornets have now won 11 of their last 14 and three in a row as they continue to push ahead in the East , while their home record improves to an impressive 21 - 9 . Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum led the way for Charlotte , combining for 64 points . Walker dished 10 assists along with his 33 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 11 - 11 FT ) , while Batum tallied seven rebounds , four assists and two blocked shots along with his 31 points ( 12 - 22 , 4 - 10 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) . The only other player to score double figures for Charlotte was Al Jefferson , who chipped in 13 points , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Hornets shot 48 percent from the field and held the Pacers to only 41 percent , on their way to the statement victory . Paul George has averaged 27 points in the last two meetings with the Hornets this season . He topped that in this game as he finished with a game - high 35 points ( 11 - 23 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with seven assists , seven rebounds and five steals , in 36 minutes . Ian Mahinmi tallied a double - double with 10 points and 14 rebounds , in 32 minutes , while Monta Ellis added 15 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 37 minutes . The Pacers now fall to 2 - 5 in their last seven games and are in danger of losing grip on their playoff position . The Pacers will head straight to Washington to play the final game of their current four - game road trip , on Saturday . The Hornets host the Timberwolves on Monday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 36 - 28 ) defeated the visiting Detroit Pistons ( 33 - 32 ) 118 - 103 , Friday evening at Time Warner Cable Arena . The Hornets led the whole way in this one , after a very strong , 69 - 53 first half . The Pistons fought back , bringing it to a five - point game late in the third , but could never gain the lead . With this win the Hornets have now won six in a row for the first time in six seasons , and have also won seven in a row at home , where their record is now a solid 24 - 9 . The Pistons came into this one winners of their last two games but had their win streak cut short , and their grip on eighth in the East loosened , as they came in only half a game ahead of Chicago . Kemba Walker was relatively quiet as he failed to record 30 points , a feat which he accomplished in his four previous games . Instead , Walker finished with 16 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 9 - 9 FT ) , eight assists , one rebound and one steal , in 32 minutes . Six other players scored in double digits for the Hornets , more than compensating for Walker 's quiet game . Marvin Williams was the high - point man for Charlotte , as he finished with 22 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , along with six rebounds , in 25 minutes . Nicolas Batum logged a double - double as he added 17 points and 11 assists , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 37 minutes . The Hornets did a good job at the foul line , hitting 24 - 29 free throws and shot a solid 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from deep . Reggie Jackson had a strong game for Detroit , finishing with 20 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , 10 assists and two rebounds , in 31 minutes . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 24 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , in 38 minutes , while Tobias Harris chipped in 20 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , five rebounds , three steals and one assist , in 34 minutes . Stanley Johnson made his return to the lineup after being out with a shoulder injury that he suffered on February 22nd . Johnson logged nine minutes , during which he contributed three points ( 1 - 1 3Pt ) . Next , the Pistons head straight to Philly to play the third game of their current four - game road trip , on Saturday . The Hornets will look to extend their overall win streak and also their home win streak as they host the Rockets on Saturday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 37 - 28 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 33 - 33 ) 125 - 109 on Saturday . The Hornets came into the game riding a six - game win streak , and came out of the gate against Houston looking like it . They raced out to a 34 - 19 lead after one period on the strength of solid first quarters from their stalwart trio of Kemba Walker , Nicolas Batum and Marvin Williams . The Rockets woke from their slumber in the middle periods , winning the second and third quarters by a margin of 68 - 56 , but Charlotte managed to regain their grip on the game in the fourth and pull away for their 25th home victory of the season . The shooting made all the difference for the Hornets , who tallied 55 and 48 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Meanwhile , their defense managed to completely stifle James Harden 's lethal long - range game , and limited the Rockets to a 19 percent figure from beyond the arc overall . Corey Brewer was actually the scoring leader for Houston on the night , and he accomplished the feat off the bench . Brewer managed 21 points , three rebounds , a steal and a block over 27 minutes . Dwight Howard was next in line while pacing the starters with 16 points , 13 rebounds and four assists . Michael Beasley followed with a second impressive outing , totaling 15 points , two rebounds and a block in just 15 minutes on the court . Harden was held to just 12 points , and was 0 - for - 5 from three - point range . He did dish out 10 assists and also hauled in three rebounds and a pair of steals . The Rockets remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division and hold the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head back home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night . Walker paced the Hornets with 26 points , six assists and five rebounds . Williams followed closely behind with 25 points , four rebounds and two steals . Batum tallied 14 points , eight rebounds , eight assists , a steal and a block . Courtney Lee pitched in with 12 points , two boards and an assist , while Jeremy Lin paced the reserves with 16 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Charlotte is in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and had a hold of the fifth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Monday night versus the Mavericks .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 33 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 37 - 29 ) 107 - 96 on Monday . In the midst of a five - game losing streak and with their grip on a Western Conference seed growing increasingly tenuous , Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle decided to call an audible with his starting five against one of the hottest teams in the league . In to the first unit stepped Raymond Felton , sending Zaza Pachulia to the bench for the night . The rather unusual move worked , as Felton hauled in 12 rebounds in addition to contributing nine points , helping to lead Dallas to a much - needed victory that snapped the Hornets ' seven - game winning streak . The Mavericks played stingy defense against a Charlotte team that had been essentially hitting on all cylinders , holding them to a 42 percent success rate from the field , and a 30 percent figure from three - point range . They also elicited 15 turnovers on the night from the home squad , and hung on for the win despite a furious Hornets comeback in the third quarter . Chandler Parsons led the way for Dallas with 24 points , nine rebounds , four assists , three steals and a block . Dirk Nowitzki was right behind him with a 23 - point , 11 - rebound double - double against the Hornets ' vulernable frontcourt . He also added an assist and two blocks . Deron Williams pitched in 15 points , five assists , a steal and a block . Devin Harris and David Lee paced the bench with a pair of 12 - point efforts . The former also supplied two rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter pitched in with seven rebounds and a block . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and have a hold of the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Cleveland to face off against the Cavaliers on Wednesday night . As customary , Kemba Walker spearheaded the Hornets ' attack , tallying 25 points , nine assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block . He did , however , commit five turnovers , the sole blemish on an otherwise typically remarkable performance . Nicolas Batum followed with 20 points , seven assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , although he also was guilty of four miscues . Marvin Williams continued his stretch of productive play at power forward , contributing 19 points , seven rebounds and a block . Courtney Lee registered 12 points , three rebounds and two steals . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are presently slotted in the sixth seed in the conference . They 're home again on Wednesday night for a date with the Orlando Magic .
The Denver Nuggets ( 29 - 41 ) defeated the host Charlotte Hornets ( 39 - 30 ) 101 - 93 , at Time Warner Cable Arena , Saturday . The Nuggets snapped a three - game losing streak with this win despite playing in Charlotte , where the Hornets had won 13 of their last 15 games prior to this one . The Nuggets were locked in from the start as they out - scored the Hornets 57 - 40 in the first half . The Hornets battled back from a 22 - point third quarter deficit to make it a five - point game with four minutes to go , but Denver did not falter , thanks in large part to D.J. Augustin 's 14 - point fourth quarter . Seven players scored in double digits for the Nuggets as a solid team effort led to an impressive road victory for the young squad . D.J. Augustin was automatic as he tallied a game - high 24 points on very good shooting ( 8 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , along with three assists , one rebound and one steal , in 23 minutes off the bench . Nikola Jokic finished with a double - double including 11 points and 14 rebounds , as well as four assists and one block , before fouling out in 25 minutes . Emmanuel Mudiay struggled shooting but still had a nice game with 11 points , seven rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . The Nuggets did a good job rebounding and also shot 50 percent from deep , en route to their 13th win on the road . Charlotte managed to put together a huge run late in the game to get within striking distance but could not finish the job as the Nuggets remained relentless . Cody Zeller tallied a career - high five blocked shots , along with 10 points and two rebounds in 29 minutes . Nicolas Batum led the Hornets in scoring , with 24 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt . 1 - 2 FT ) , along with nine assists , eight rebounds , one steal and one block , in 40 minutes. , while Kemba Walker added 15 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 36 minutes . The Hornets shot 9 - 32 from deep and 42 percent from the field overall . The Hornets are now 26 - 11 at Time Warner Cable Arena . Next , the Hornets will have to try defend their home court against the San Antonio Spurs , on Monday . The Nuggets will finish up their current five - game road trip with a contest in Cleveland on Monday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 46 - 33 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 58 ) 113 - 99 on Friday . Charlotte came into the night with their playoff berth long sewn up , but with eyes on a division title and improvement in their overall playoff seeding . They took care of business by handling the revamped Nets , who provided Chris McCullough with his first career start . The Hornets benefited from the return to the starting lineup of Nicolas Batum , who had missed the last two games with a left knee strain , and also saw their second unit contribute 54 points on the night , with three players hitting double - digit scoring . The Nets were paced by Wayne Ellington , who managed 21 points , a rebound and an assist . Thomas Robinson turned in another outstanding effort at power forward , tallying 16 points , 17 rebounds and a steal . McCullough totaled 12 points , three rebounds , an assist and three steals . Sean Kilpatrick paced the bench with 16 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Nets are in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Sunday . The Hornets were spearheaded by Kemba Walker 's 22 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists , three blocks and a steal . Batum managed 14 points , six rebounds , six assists and a block . Marvin Williams supplied 12 points , three boards , an assist , three steals and a block . Troy Daniels paced the bench with 17 points , three rebounds and a steal . Frank Kaminsky III was next with 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jeremy Lin was the third player in double figures on the second unit , registering 11 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . The Hornets are in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and currently slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Washington for a Sunday matchup against the Wizards .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 9 - 6 ) showed the up and coming Utah Jazz ( 6 - 7 ) who is boss , with a definitive 111 - 89 victory on Monday night . The Thunder had control most of the way as they held the lead from the beginning of the second quater until the final whistle . They scored 40 points in the second quarter to establish a sustainable cushion and lead to a solid win . Kevin Durant was back in the line up for the Thunder after sitting out a few games with a hamstring injury . He looked great in his return as he finished with 27 points on 10 - 13 shooting , including 3 - 6 from deep and 4 - 4 free throw shooting . Durant also added six rebounds and four steals in 30 minutes . Russell Westbrook dropped 20 points , including 10 - 10 from the free throw line , along with nine assists and seven rebounds in 27 minutes . Anthony Morrow was efficient off the bench , shooting 6 - 8 from the field , 3 - 4 from deep and fininshing with 15 points . Dion Waiters chipped in 12 points , six assists , four steals and three rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench . As a team the Jazz shot a poor 38 percent from the field and only managed 15 assists . Utah only had three players score double digits and no one score over 20 points . Gordon Hayward was the high point man with 19 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals . Derrick Favours finished with 11 points , seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks in 29 minutes . Rudy Gobert was quiet with 10 points and five rebounds in 25 minutes . Next up for Utah will be a visit to Los Angeles on Wednesday , where they will look to take advantage of the troubled Clippers . The Thunder will be at home Wednesday to host Brooklyn .
The Utah Jazz ( 8 - 7 ) held off the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 13 ) 101 - 87 on Saturday . Utah had a 16 - point lead going into the fourth quarter and it 's nearly impossible to beat this stingy defense with that sort of deficit . The rebounding was the big difference in the game , as the Jazz snatched 49 boards compared to 35 for the Pelicans . These are teams going in opposite directions and the Jazz proved tonight that good defense will always prevail . New_Orleans came into this game as the worst defense in the NBA and the 101 points allowed is a significant improvement on those ugly numbers . It 's still not good enough to win and it does n't look that great when you notice that Utah currently has one of the three - worst offenses in the league . New_Orleans got a fantastic game out of Anthony Davis though , as he tallied 36 points , 11 rebounds , three blocks and two steals in the loss . The more amazing part about that game is that it 's one night after being carried off the floor with a knee injury . What hurt the Pelicans on this night was the rest of the starters , as the four others combined for just 14 points , six rebounds , and five assists . That 's almost a nearly identical line to what Ish Smith provided off the bench on Saturday as well , and the Pelicans simply need more from their other starters . New_Orleans will have to take on another potent defense when they play the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday . The Jazz played this game without Derrick Favors and they did n't miss a beat . Favors missed the game for an unknown personal reason , but Trevor Booker filled - in spectacularly . Booker amassed 13 points , 15 rebounds , three assists , three blocks and two steals in the win . Alec Burks was also fantastic off the bench , as he led the team with 21 points and provided an additional five rebounds and four assists . This is a dominant defense , so when players like Booker and Burks can produce like this , they 'll be tough to beat . Utah will play the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Monday in their next scheduled game and it should be a great test for this defense against the best offense in the NBA .
The Utah Jazz ( 8 - 8 ) came very close to toppling the Golden_State Warriors ( 190 ) but the multi - pronged attack of the Warriors had the answer as they earned the victory and stayed perfect by beating the Jazz 106 - 103 . Utah took the lead with 7:30 left in the fourth quarter after an 11 - 2 run but that is when Stephen Curry and the Warriors kicked it into another gear . Curry seemed to have an answer for almost every Utah bucket and when he missed a contested lay - up in the last minutes Draymond Green was there to clean up the mess . Derrick Favors had a great game for the Jazz and was clutch in the last few minutes . He finished with 23 points on 9 - 15 shooting , including 5 - 5 free throws , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals . Gordon Hayward also performed well , totalling a team - high 24 points , along with six assists and four rebounds , in 37 minutes . Rudy Gobert posted a double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds , while throwing down some monster alley - oops . Alec Burks was big 28 minutes off the bench , with 19 points on 8 - 15 shooting , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Warriors were forced to play this one right down to the wire and would have lost if Utah had hit their last second open shot attempt . Stephen Curry led the way in scoring for Golden_State with 26 points on 9 - 20 shooting , 4 - 8 from downtown , six rebounds , five assists and two steals . Draymond Green contributed in many ways including 20 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and immeasurable hustle and energy . Klay Thompson shot 8 - 15 from the field and finished with 20 points , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Harrison Barnes sat out with an ankle injury . Next up Golden_State will be in Charlotte Wednesday to play the second game of a seven game road trip , during which their epic run will surely be challenged . Utah will have a couple of days off before hosting Orlando on Thursday .
The Utah Jazz ( 9 - 9 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 12 - 7 ) 122 - 119 on Saturday . The Pacers trailed by 17 points in the 3rd quarter , but a red hot Paul George sparked a sharpshooting comeback in the final period . George finished the night with a career high 48 points on 15 - of - 27 shooting , to go along with eight rebounds and three assists . The No . 10 overall pick from the 2010 draft added eight 3 - pointers in the effort , and matched up against Gordon Hayward , who was taken ninth overall in that same draft , which made for a competitive one - on - one battle throughout the evening . Rodney Stuckey finished second in scoring for the Pacers , contributing 23 points off the bench , including a clutch jump shot with just over a minute remaining in regulation to extend the Pacers lead by three . Jordan Hill and George Hill added 10 points each , while starters Ian Mahinmi and Monta Ellis finished with six points a piece . While Paul George could not be contained , the Jazz answered with Derrick Favors , who contributed 35 points and 13 rebounds , including the game tying layup with 10 seconds left in the 4th quarter . Favors extended the momentum into the overtime period by making his way to the free throw line and playing a physical game underneath the rim . The Jazz were without Rudy Gobert ( knee ) and missed out on his defensive efficiency , specifically in the blocks category . Gordon Hayward finished with 22 points , five rebounds and five assists on 5 - of - 14 shooting . Trey Burke is becoming more confident in his jump shot , evidenced by his eight buckets in 33 minutes off the bench , as he finished with 19 points and seven assists . Raul Neto may find himself on the highlight reel after making a ridiculous circus shot , after contact , in the first half and contributed 13 points in 18 minutes . Both teams play on Tuesday , with the Pacers returning home to face the undefeated Golden State Warriors ( 210 ) , while the Jazz visit the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 14 ) .
The Utah Jazz ( 10 - 10 ) dismantled the New_York Knicks ( 10 - 13 ) to the tune of a 106 - 85 scoreline on Wednesday . The Jazz took care of this game early and never allowed the Knicks to fight their way back in it . In fact , Utah was up 49 - 18 in the first 15 minutes and took a 25 - point lead into the half . Utah shot over 50 percent from the field in the first half and amazingly did not commit a turnover until 28 minutes into the game . The Jazz held the Knicks to under 40 percent shooting in the win as well . The Jazz have been playing horrible defense since Rudy Gobert got injured , but they were great here . They held the Knicks starters to just 31 points in the win and allowed just 11 points in the opening quarter . Gordon Hayward and Derrick Favors carried the load once again . Hayward tallied 24 points , four rebounds and five assists in the victory . Favors recorded 20 points and eight boards to fall just shy of his fourth - straight double - double . Utah had allowed an average over 110 points per game without Gobert in the lineup , so this defensive performance is a great sign going forward . The Jazz have a much tougher test in their next game , when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday . The Knicks were stifled in this game and really didn’t muster up anything until it was too late . No player scored more than 12 points and that 's simply a bad recipe to win a game . Carmelo Anthony led the team with 12 points and five rebounds . Phenom rookie Kristaps Porzingis had one of his worst games of his short career , as he could only provide four points and three rebounds on 2 - for - 8 shooting . This is just one of those game for the Knicks and they can just chalk it up to playing in a tough environment against a stifling defense . They 'll look to bounce - back when they take on the Sacramento Kings on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back set
The Pelicans ( 7 - 18 ) notched a rare road win Wednesday at the Vivint Smart Home Arena , 104 - 94 over the Utah Jazz ( 10 - 14 ) . Down three to open the fourth quarter , the Pelicans completely stifled the Jazz down the stretch and allowed only __ fourth quarter points to run away with the game in the final minutes . The Pelicans got hot from three - point land , as they knocked down 10 of their 21 attempts , led by Eric Gordon 's 4 - 7 shooting effort from deep . Gordon led Pelicans starters with 19 points , but the game 's high scorer was Ryan Anderson off the bench with 24 points , fueled by a perfect 13 - 13 night from the free throw line . Anthony Davis scored 17 on 7 - 15 shooting and ripped down a game high 13 rebounds to complete his third double - double in the past four games . Derrick Favors paced the Jazz with 22 points on an efficient 10 - 15 shooting night . Gordon Hayward added 20 points and shot 3 - 7 from three - point land . Trey Burke led all Jazz bench sscorers with 12 points , and he dished out five assists . The Jazz just could n't get out in transition , as they scored just six fast break points , and they could n't generate second chances either , as they managed only five offensive rebounds . The Pelicans will look to win consecutive games for the first time since November with their next contest Friday night in Phoenix . The Jazz have now lost four straight and will look to reverse things at home Friday night against the Nuggets .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 18 - 13 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 12 - 16 ) 109 - 104 on Saturday . The Clippers came into Saturday’s matchup as part of the second game of a back - to - back , and utilized the 3 - point shot to make up for defensive breakdowns early in the game . Los_Angeles was without Blake Griffin ( quad ) , who is amongst the league 's best with 23 points per game and 9 rebounds per game , but that did not stop Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan from running the pick and roll at an efficient rate . Add that to J.J. Reddick and Paul Pierce’s sharp shooting from deep and the equation resulted in a second straight win . Reddick led all Clippers’ with 25 points on 5 - of - 7 3 - point shooting , including a streak of three straight deep balls on consecutive possessions in the second half . Paul Pierce was equally impressive , finishing with 20 points on 5 - of - 7 behind the arc . Pure point guard Chris Paul added 19 points and 11 assists , while DeAndre Jordan completed another double - double , with 14 points and 13 rebounds . The first half defensive inefficiencies need to be addressed by the Clippers , but the team shot 50 percent from deep as a unit , which made up for the slow , turnover ridden start . Los_Angeles will continue their road trip and face the Washington Wizards ( 14 - 14 ) on Monday . Utah stormed out to a strong 1st quarter , but were unable to capitalize on the momentum going forward . Gordon Hayward led all scorers with 28 points , to go along with six rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . The backcourt duo of Alec Burks and Trey Burke , who currently combine for the best scoring bench duo in the league , thrived in the first half before going cold later in the latter quarters . Burks finished with 11 points on a perfect 5 - of - 5 shooting in 18 minutes , while Michigan product Burke , added five points in the same amount of time . Rudy Gobert ( knee ) continues to miss games with a knee injury , and the absence of their shot blocking big man has caused the Jazz to run a small lineup . The lack of size and rim protection allowed DeAndre Jordan to take advantage for the inopportune , easy basket . Utah’s biggest strength in the first period was their pace , but as that died out in the second half , so did the team as a whole . Utah will look to bounce back when they host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 2 - 30 ) on Monday .
The Utah Jazz ( 13 - 16 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 2 - 31 ) 95 - 91 on Monday . The Philadelphia 76ers may only have two wins on their lowly season , but recently acquired point guard Ish Smith has provided a spark in the backcourt for the NBA’s last place team . A semblance of offense looks to be in motion with Smith at the helm , as the 76ers overcame a 58 - 45 halftime deficit , and were competitive through the last possessions of the game . Smith finished with 22 points and dished out 11 assists on 8 - of - 21 shooting in 32 minutes . The Wake Forest product made a beautiful move to get a solid look to tie the game with the shot clock turned off in the 4th quarter , but the shot did not fall . JaKarr Sampson got the start in favor of the injured Jahlil Okafor ( knee ) and provided six points and five rebounds in 19 minutes . Nerlens Noel was effective under the rim , as the big man blocked five shots , to go along with 18 points and six rebounds . Richaun Holmes also contributed 18 points in the losing effort . Philadelphia could not find a rhythm from 3 - point territory , shooting 24 percent as a unit . The 76ers will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 18 ) on Wednesday . The Jazz earned a tough win , even after storming out to a 21 point lead in the first half . Gordon Hayward put forth a volume effort , and although his percentage was not in the realm of efficiency , his 3 - pointer in the final :30 gave Utah the lead , and eventually , the win . Hayward led all scorers with 24 points , to go along with six rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 21 shooting . Jeff Withey drew the start , as Derrick Favors ( back ) sat his second consecutive game . Withey added a double - double in the win , scoring 11 points and bringing in 12 rebounds in 23 minutes . Utah did the majority of their damage from the free throw line , nailing 32 - of - 36 from the charity stripe , which made up for the horrid 33 percent shooting from the field . Trey Burke led the bench with 14 points . The Jazz head to Minnesota to face the struggling Timberwolves ( 11 - 20 ) on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz ( 16 - 20 ) defeated the Miami Heat 98 - 83 in a slow - paced game on Saturday night With a score like that , most people would assume that the shooting was terrible , but that wasn’t the case . The Jazz actually shot 55 percent from the field , but took just 71 shots in total . The Heat shot 42 percent on 82 attempts and the teams combined for just 35 free - throws . Those are surprisingly low numbers considering the shooting percentages and it was clear the teams wanted to go to their primary identities and slow the game down to rely on their defenses . The Heat took a 10 - point lead after the first quarter , but the Jazz really turned it on after that . In fact , they held Miami to just 54 points in the final three quarters and outscored them by 25 points . The Heat came into this in the second half of a back - to - back and it clearly hampered them here . They got off to a hot start , but didn’t have the legs late to pull out a win against a defensively potent team . Dwyane Wade notoriously struggles in back - to - backs and that was the case here , as he shot just 3 - for - 17 to accumulate eight points , five rebounds and four assists . Chris Bosh had a nice game though , as he tallied 24 points and seven rebounds against a dominant frontline . The passing was a big problem for Miami , as the Heat recorded just 14 assists in the loss . It wo n't get any easier in their next game , as they have to travel to Oakland to take on a Golden State Warriors team that has just two losses on Monday . Utah got back to what they do best here and stifled the Heat en route to a big win . The star of the night was Gordon Hayward , who scored 34 points in a fantastic performance . Chris Johnson made a spot start here for the injured Rodney Hood and played great , accumulating 14 points , four rebounds , three assists , two blocks and two steals in 31 minutes . Rudy Gobert got his first start in quite some time as well and swatted away four shots despite failing to reach double - figures in points or rebounds . Injuries have really been hurting this team , but the more healthy they get , the scary they 're getting . This is the front end of a back - to - back , as the Jazz will play the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday in their next game .
The Sacramento Kings ( 16 - 21 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 17 - 22 ) 103 - 101 on Thursday night . One look at the statistics would indicate a Sacramento blowout , but this game came down to the final shot . Utah actually hit a game - tying three with four seconds left , but Rudy Gay ruined that moment of joy for Jazz fans by hitting a mid - range jumper to win the game . The Kings got off to a 26 - 12 start after the first quarter and barely held on late for the win . Sacramento outrebounded the Jazz 54 - 38 and outshot them 46 percent to 42 percent . What killed Utah was it 's three - point shooting , as they went 6 - for - 34 from long range . Sacramento has been playing their best basketball of the season over recent weeks and got an impressive road win here . It was once again DeMarcus Cousins who carried the load , as he is now the leading scorer in the NBA since the calendar turned . Cousins put together a 36 point and 17 rebound line in this win and dominated the Jazz frontcourt all game long . Rudy Gay also had a big game , as he tallied 24 points and nine rebounds while also hitting the game - winner . Rajon Rondo added to his league - leading assist total , as he dished out 13 dimes in yet another strong performance . The Kings will have to take on the Los Angeles Clippers in their next game , who currently hold the longest winning streak in the NBA . Utah got off to a horrendous start tonight and just couldn’t quite pull off the comeback late . Gordon Hayward , Trey Burke and Rodney Hood are the three best shooters on this team and they all shot horribly here . In fact , they combined to go 2 - for - 22 from three - point range in the loss . While Hayward mightily struggled with his shot , he still managed to tally 21 points and eight rebounds in a solid game . Trey Lyles also had an impressive game filling in for Derrick Favors , as he scored a career - high 19 points in the loss . This team is hard to figure out and while they are scary at times , they can be downright bad at others . With that said , they 'll have a good chance to bounce - back against the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday in their next game .
The Utah Jazz ( 23 - 25 ) picked up a Western Conference home win Wednesday over the Denver Nuggets ( 19 - 31 ) at Vivint Smart Home Arena , 85 - 81 . Neither team had its deep shots working Wednesday night , as the two clubs combined to shoot 9 - 40 ( 23 percent ) from three - point range , and both teams finished under 25 percent from deep . The Jazz won behind a strong defensive showing , primarily six blocks that helped them limit Denver to a poor 22 - 52 ( 42 percent ) on two - point shots . Derrick Favors and Gordon Hayward scored 16 points apiece to share the team high for the Jazz . Favors notched a double - double with 11 rebounds and added a whopping six blocks as he imposed his will inside . Hayward missed all four of his three - point attempts but finished a perfect 6 - 6 at the free throw line and dished out five assists . Trevor Booker and Trey Lyles added a spark off the bench , as they combined for 15 points on 7 - 9 shooting in 31 total minutes . Danilo Gallinari battled through a tough shooting night ( 5 - 16 FG ) to score a game - high 24 points , powered by a brilliant 12 - 14 performance at the free throw line . Kenneth Faried scored an efficient 14 points on 5 - 8 shooting and Will Barton dropped a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double in 23 minutes off the bench . But the offense for the Nuggets was stagnant , as they assisted on just 11 field goals and turned the ball over 14 times , preventing them from snatching the road win . Denver returns home for a matchup Friday against the Bulls . The Jazz continue their homestand with an interconference matchup Thursday against the Bucks .
The Utah Jazz ( 24 - 25 ) beat the Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 32 ) 84 - 81 on Friday . The Jazz stifled the Bucks in the second half to walk away with their fifth - straight win . They held Milwaukee to just 37 points in the second half and forced them to commit 20 turnovers while shooting 42 percent from the field . Utah also combined for 23 blocks and steals in the game and that 's one of the highest totals of the season . This gives Milwaukee their fifth - straight loss and it was an extremely tough night on the offensive end . No player scored more than 18 points in the loss with the five starters combining for 18 turnovers . Khris Middleton 's 18 points , six rebounds and three steals look good , but considering he shot 6 - for - 16 and committed nine turnovers , it was actually very ugly . Jerryd Bayless gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 15 points . Milwaukee will have a few days off until they play the Boston Celtics on Monday in their next game . Utah has been playing their best defense of the season in recent weeks and it came to a head here . Rudy Gobert and Derrick Favors were incredible down low , as they combined for 23 rebounds , seven steals and eight blocks in the win . Rodney hood led the team with 23 points and also got two steals of his own . The Jazz are now allowing 85 points a game across their last seven games , which is tops in the NBA . On deck for Utah is a game against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday in a back - to - back set .
The San_Antonio Spurs used stifling defense to defeat the host Utah Jazz , 96 - 78 , on Thursday for their fourth consecutive road victory . The Spurs ( 49 - 9 ) held the Jazz ( 28 - 29 ) to a season low in points as Utah shot 3 of 17 from three - point range . Kawhi Leonard led the Spurs with 29 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting , including 3 of 5 on three - pointers . He added five rebounds , three assists and three steals . Tony Parker finished with 16 points and LaMarcus Aldridge had 15 . Tim Duncan totaled 14 points and 11 rebounds . Derrick Favors scored 25 points for the Jazz , who led by seven in the first quarter before the Spurs clamped down defensively . The Jazz had scored at least 110 points in their previous three games but stalled in the second quarter when they totaled a mere 12 points . Trey Burke did not play in the first half , finishing with five points in 11 minutes . Utah remains a half - game behind the Houston Rockets for the final Western Conference playoff spot .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 51 - 28 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 39 - 40 ) 102 - 99 in overtime on Friday . The Clippers rested all of their starters for this game and escaped with an impressive win . Jamal Crawford was the hero , as he hit a game - winning three at the buzzer in overtime to win the game . The key in this game was the turnover differential , with the Clippers committing just 11 turnovers to the Jazz ' 18 . Los_Angeles rested Blake Griffin , Chris Paul , J.J. Redick and DeAndre Jordan in this game and gave the Jazz a devastating loss . Crawford was the hero with his game - winner , but still finished the game with 30 points in yet another great game . Cole Aldrich has the best game of his career , as he tallied 21 points , 18 rebounds and five steals in the win . Jeff Green and Paul Pierce each provided 18 points of their own as well . On deck for the Clippers is a matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday . The Jazz came into this game with much more to play for than the Clippers and blew a huge opportunity . In fact , they were 14 - point favorites in this game and are now only one game up in the eight - seed in the west . Gordon Hayward did all he could though , as he amassed 24 points , 13 rebounds and five assists . Derrick Favors recorded a double - double , as he scored 11 points and brought down 11 rebounds . Alec Burks made his long awaited return and scored 11 points off the bench . Up next for Utah is a matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 42 - 39 ) secured seventh place in the Western Conference as they defeated the host Utah Jazz ( 40 - 41 ) on Monday evening , 101 - 92 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena . While securing Dallas ' spot in the post - season , this result leaves Utah 's status up in the air , as the Jazz are now tied with the Houston Rockets for the final playoff spot in the West . Houston holds the tie - breaker over Utah and therefore , in order for the Jazz to make it into the post - season they will need to win their next game and hope that the Rockets lose their final game . The Mavericks led just about the whole way en route to their eighth win in nine games and fourth straight on the road . Deron Williams led the way for Dallas , with 23 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with six assists , four rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . Dirk Nowitzki was big as he tallied 22 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , 11 rebounds , three assists , one steal and one blocked shot , in 32 minutes . Wesley Matthews followed up with 20 points , in 38 minutes . The Mavs shot 44 percent from the field and limited themselves to nine turnovers . The Jazz fought right down to the wire but fell for the third time in a row on their home court . Gordon Hayward poured in a game - high 26 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 1 - 9 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , along with six rebounds , four assists and one blocked shot , in 40 minutes . Shelvin Mack added 18 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt ) , two rebounds and two assists , while Derrick Favors chipped in 11 points , in 28 minutes off the bench . Favors played limited minutes in his return , after missing one game with a sore knee . The Jazz will look to do their part in securing a post - season berth as they visit Los Angeles to play the Lakers on Wednesday . The Mavericks will finish off their season at home , when they host the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 5 - 2 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 7 ) 104 - 83 Monday at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento . The game remained close through three quarters , as the return of DeMarcus Cousins , who was out with an Achilles injury , kept the Kings in the game . However , the Spurs dominated the fourth quarter , winning the period 34 - 19 and pulling away . Kawhi Leonard continues to lead the way for San_Antonio to start the season , as he finished with a game - high 24 points on an efficient 10 - of - 13 shooting in 32 minutes . Tim Duncan added a double - double of 11 points and 14 rebounds in just 23 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge fell just short of a double - double , recording 16 points and nine rebounds in 26 minutes . For the Kings , Cousins returned in a big way , recording 21 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes , but shot just 5 - of - 20 from the field . Rajon Rondo played every minute at point guard and recorded eight points , 12 assists and six rebounds , but also committed nine turnovers . Marco Belinelli and Omri Casspi managed to contribute 17 and 16 points respectively off the bench . Up next , the Spurs will travel to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers Wednesday , while the Kings will stay home Wednesday to take on the Pistons .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 8 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 6 - 11 ) 101 - 91 on Friday . In a tightly - contested game , the rebounding and free - throw shooting ended up being the difference . Minnesota outrebounded Sacramento 45 - 35 and made 95 percent of their free - throws , while the Kings made just 60 percent of theirs . These are two talented teams who prefer to play up - tempo , but that was n't the case here . With a projected total of 216 , the 192 total was surprisingly low . Minnesota has been a strange team this year , as they continue to win on the road and lose at home . They are now 6 - 2 on the road and 2 - 6 at home . Usually a young team like this only plays well at home , but there 's something unique about this roster . The Timberwolves were led by Andrew Wiggins once again , who tallied 22 points and six rebounds in the win . They played this game without Ricky Rubio , but Zach LaVine filled - in admirably . LaVine amassed 19 points , eight rebounds and four assists in the victory . The 8 - 8 start is a fantastic sign for this rebuilding team and the future is extremely bright with all of these talented youngsters . The Wolves will look to keep this going against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Kings played this game without superstar DeMarcus Cousins and it clearly hampered them here . Rudy Gay is usually asked to step up in these circumstances , but he had one of the worst games of his career . In fact , Gay shot 1 - for - 13 from the field to accumulate two points and four rebounds . With a game like that and no Cousins in the lineup , it 's nearly impossible for Sacramento to win . Sacramento did however get another spectacular game out of Rajon Rondo , who tallied 16 points , 16 assists and four rebounds in the loss . The Kings will need Boogie Cousins back for their next game if they want a chance , as they have to take on the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics ( 11 - 8 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 13 ) 114 - 97 on Thursday in Mexico City . Boston outscored Sacramento 32 - 17 in the first quarter and the game was never competitive after that . The frustration clearly boiled over for this Kings team , as Rajon Rondo was ejected in the third quarter . The Celtics came into this game as one of the best assisting teams in the NBA and that proved to be the difference , as they outassisted the Kings 34 - 21 . Boston also shot 48 percent from the field , while Sacramento shot just 38 percent . Boston came into this game as the more well - rounded team with less talent and the teamwork prevailed yet again . While DeMarcus Cousins , Rajon Rondo and Rudy Gay were likely the three best players on the floor , the Celtics are simply a better team . In fact , four players on the Celtics scored at least 20 points and this was an all - around great team effort . It was a revenge game for Isaiah Thomas and he was fantastic , tallying 21 points , nine assists , six rebounds and four steals in the win . Kelly Olynyk also had a nice game off the bench , as he collected 21 points , four rebounds and four assists in the victory . Boston will have a great test in their next game when they take on the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday . The Kings had a rough night in Mexico City and they 'll be happy to get out of there . Rondo was ejected in the third quarter for two technical fouls and it was a bit of a surprise he was the only one with all the frustration the Kings showed . DeMarcus Cousins had a lackluster game , as he tallied just 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists while battling foul trouble . The best player for Sacramento on this night was Rudy Gay , who contributed 18 points and seven rebounds in the loss . The Kings will look to bounce - back when they take on the Houston Rockets on Saturday in what should be a high - scoring bonanza .
The Sacramento Kings ( 9 - 15 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 10 - 14 ) 99 - 97 on Thursday . The New_York Knicks found a way to hang around until the last possession after streaky shooting and shot selection almost denied a comeback . Carmelo Anthony started cold in the first half , but regained momentum in the second half and finished the night with 23 points , 14 rebounds and four assists on 8 - of - 21 shooting . With under 0:10 left to play in the fourth quarter , Arron Afflalo intercepted an inbound pass that Darren Collison could not get control of , which gave the Knicks a chance to tie or win the game . After a Knicks timeout , Anthony pulled up behind the arc , but could not get the shot to fall as time expired . Afflalo’s heads up steal went along with 14 points , four rebounds and two assists , but the shooting guard could not connect from the 3 - point line , going 0 - for - 6 in the effort . Kristaps Porzingis struggled in the second game of a back - to - back , finishing with 13 points and seven rebound on 36 percent shooting . The Knicks are now on a four game losing streak . The Sacramento Kings received a passionate and strong performance from DeMarcus Cousins , who led all scorers with 27 points and 11 rebounds . Rajon Rondo threaded the needle in his signature fashion on multiple set pieces and added 16 points alongside 12 assists , including a one handed jam that got Sleep Train Arena on their feet . Omri Caspi drained the two free throws the ended up being the difference at the conclusion of the game and completed the night with 11 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Darren Collison was effective off the bench adding 16 points and three assists in 24 minutes . George Karl only used eight of his players , as Quincy Acy , James Anderson , Caron Butler , Seth Curry and Eric Moreland did not play . The Knicks continue their road trip and will play Portland Trail Blazers ( 9 - 14 ) on Saturday , while the Kings host the Houston Rockets ( 11 - 12 ) on Tuesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 10 - 15 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 12 - 14 ) 107 - 97 in a sloppy game on Tuesday . In a battle of two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the offenses played poorly . It 's not like the defenses played well either , as Houston shot just 41 percent from the field . Sacramento did shoot 51 percent , but committed an ugly 28 turnovers in the win . There were a combined 30 steals and 49 turnovers in the game and those are not far off from NBA records . The Rockets came into this game in the second half of a back - to - back and they played tired . There were numerous possessions where players were standing around and way too many defensive lapses when there was simply no defense being played at all . The team was outrebounded 47 to 36 and shot just 31 percent from three - point range . Those are indications of a tired team , but the effort simply wasn’t there . James Harden was spectacular yet again though , as he tallied 33 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the defeat . Houston will have a good opportunity to bounce back when they take on the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday in their next game . It 's not too often a team commits 28 turnovers and wins , but the Kings managed to pull that off somehow on Tuesday . They played without Rajon Rondo , but all the other starters filled - in nicely in his absence . Darren Collison was the starting point guard for this game and played extremely well , accumulating 14 points , 13 assists and seven rebounds in the win . DeMarcus Cousins also stepped up in Rondo 's absence , totaling 26 points and 12 rebounds . Rudy Gay and Omri Casspi also chipped in for some great games , as they combined for 36 points , 19 rebounds , nine assists and eight steals in the victory . This was a great team performance from Sacramento and it 's nice to see everyone chipping in without Rondo in the lineup . The Kings have a few days off until their next game , when they take on the struggling Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 35 - 2 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 15 - 22 ) 128 - 116 on Saturday . The Warriors extended their win streak to six games through excellent ball movement and selfless basketball , which has become a staple to their improved season . It was the fifth time over the last six games that Golden_State eclipsed 30 assists in a game , as they passed their way to 35 total dimes . Stephen Curry is making the strongest case to defend his MVP title and led all scorers with 38 points , 11 assists and six rebounds on 12 - of - 21 shooting . Curry added eight more 3 - point shots to his NBA leading 162 treys . Klay Thompson is currently second amongst all deep threats , but was not nearly as effective as his backcourt partner , and finished 1 - of - 7 from behind the arc . Thompson was effective late in the game , hooking up with Andrew Bogut for some devastating backdoor cuts and added 15 points , four rebounds and six assists . Draymond Green is becoming accustomed to rounding out the box score , and although Green did not capture his ninth triple - double of the season , he did finish with 25 points , nine assists and four rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting in 34 minutes . Harrison Barnes was reserved to the bench and is being given slightly more minutes , as he eases his way back after missing 16 games with an ankle injury . The UNC product shot the ball much better in his 24 minutes , adding 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting . The Warriors will welcome the Miami Heat ( 22 - 15 ) on Monday . Sacramento mounted a late comeback to pull the game within striking distance in the 4th quarter to pad the 12 points loss , as DeMarcus Cousins found his stroke from beyond the arc . Cousins went 2 - of - 6 from 3 - point territory , but the two that fell came at clutch moments . The Kings’ star center scored 33 points , in addition to 10 rebounds on 12 - of - 27 shooting . Rudy Gay contributed on the scoring front and poured in 23 points in a game high 38 minutes , while Darren Collison and Marco Belinelli scored double figures off the bench . Willie Cauley-Stein ( finger ) was probable before the game , but suited up and added 10 points in nine minutes . The return of the Kings first round draft pick provides some extra depth , especially on the defensive end , for Sacramento moving forward . The Kings will take a few days off before hosting the New Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 24 ) on Wednesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 19 - 23 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 18 ) 91 - 88 on Thursday night . Both teams came into this game in the midst of three - game winning streaks and both teams came in on the back end of a back - to - back set . It was clear there were some tired legs out there , as the shooting was off with a much lower score than anticipated . Both squads combined to shoot well under 40 percent from the field with the two teams combining to go 15 - for - 57 from three - point range while committing 19 turnovers each . What ultimately got Sacramento their win was an 180 run in the third quarter in which the Hawks went nearly six minutes without scoring . Atlanta was able to fight back and get it to a tied ball game , but still couldn’t prevail late . Another huge key was the rebounding , as the Kings snatched down 56 boards to the Hawks 42 . This snapped a 15 - game winning streak for Atlanta over Sacramento , which was one of the longest current streaks in the NBA . Atlanta has been struggling with their frontcourt defense all season and that became another huge issue tonight . It 's one thing to allow DeMarcus Cousins to have a monster game , but allowing a rookie like Willie Cauley-Stein to record a double - double as well is unacceptable . No Hawks player had a great game tonight aside from Paul Millsap , who tallied 14 points , 14 rebounds , three assists , five steals and four blocks in another spectacular all - around game . Millsap looks poised to make the All-Star team this year ad it 's because of his ability to stuff the stat sheet like he did tonight . Jeff Teague has had a down year by his standards and he struggled yet again here , as he shot 2 - for - 8 while amassing just four points and four assists in the loss . In fact , he was benched for long stretches of this game , including the majority of the fourth quarter . Atlanta gets a much needed day off on Friday and then they get a good matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday in their next game . Sacramento has quietly been one of the best teams in the west over the last two months and wins like this show why . They now have wins over the Hawks , Los Angeles Clippers and Oklahoma City Thunder over their last three weeks and that 's indicative of how much they have improved over recent weeks . DeMarcus Cousins has been the best player in the world in that stretch and he continued it here , by recording 24 points , 15 rebounds , five assists and three steals in the win . All five starters scored in double - figures and that 's a great sign with Rudy Gay sitting out this game with a heel injury . Rajon Rondo didn’t shoot well , but he did accumulate 11 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists in yet another triple - doubling performance . Sacramento will look to extend their winning streak to five games on Saturday against the Indiana Pacers .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 48 - 9 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 32 ) 108 - 92 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . Tony Parker’s 23 points were good enough to lead all scorers in the contest , and his impressive shot selection made his 11 - of - 17 shooting from the field look easy . Parker added six assists and three rebounds to his all around strong performance , one that flashed his brilliant basketball IQ , especially when finding Danny Green around the perimeter or Kawhi Leonard in transition . Unsurprisingly , the Spurs shared the ball in selfless fashion , as marked by their team 's total of 26 assists . Leonard was originally listed as questionable with a calf injury entering Wednesday morning , but still started and logged 28 minutes of game time , as he contributed 18 points , one assist and seven rebounds in the well rounded performance . The Spurs shot 52 percent from the field as a unit , and had no trouble handling DeMarcus Cousins during the first half , specifically the second quarter , where they held the Kings to only 14 points and entered the half with a double figure lead . The Spurs will play the second game of a back - to - back on the road against the Utah Jazz ( 28 - 28 ) on Thursday . DeMarcus Cousins was both the reason the Kings were out of the game in the first half , and right back in the contest during the second half . Cousins failed to register a basket in his first 10 attempts , and if not for Rajon Rondo’s supreme passing ability , the double figure lead that the Spurs entered the half with could have been much worse . Cousins stormed out in the third quarter , leading his unit to outscore the Spurs by five points in the third quarter alone , but it was not enough for a comeback to be kept within striking distance . The Kentucky big man finished with 22 points and 10 rebounds on 8 - of - 23 shooting . Rondo was given miles of space to shoot the ball , but shied away from the opportunity in favor of finding the open man , even if it meant threading the needle to do so . The league’s best passing point guard upped his leading assists per game statistic after registering 18 dimes , to go along with seven points and eight rebounds . Rudy Gay and Quincy Acy were on the receiving end of many of Rondo’s assists , as both front court players contributed double figures . The Kings will host the Los Angeles Clippers ( 37 - 20 ) on Friday .
The Orlando Magic ( 28 - 36 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 39 ) 107 - 100 on Friday . There was some serious star power missing in this game , but the Magic prevailed in an impressive performance . The differential in shooting was key , as Orlando shot 52 percent from the field with the Kings shooting just under 40 percent on their end . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , as the Magic recorded 51 rebounds to the Kings 37 . Orlando had to play this game without Nikola Vucevic and Elfrid Payton , but still pulled out a rare road win . Aaron Gordon was the star , as he double - doubled in a 20 - point 11 - rebound performance . While Victor Oladipo and Evan Fournier shot poorly , they still combined for 34 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists and six steals in the win . The Magic have a quick turnaround , as they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday in their next game . This gives the Kings their eighth loss in their last nine games and they had to play this one without a suspended DeMarcus Cousins . Rajon Rondo ran the team , as he tallied 16 points , 14 assists and five rebounds in the loss . Rudy Gay and Darren Collison really struggled , as they combined to shoot 5 - for - 23 in the defeat . The only other notable line was that of Kosta Koufos , who scored a team - high 19 points off the bench . Cousins should be back for Sacramento 's next game , as they play the Utah Jazz on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz ( 31 - 35 ) picked up a road win over the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 40 ) Sunday night at Sleep Train Arena , 108 - 99 . With the win , the Jazz move with two games of the Dallas Mavericks for the Western Conference 's eighth and final playoff spot . This one was n't as close as the final score suggests , as the Jazz never trailed and held leads of 20 points or more in each of the second , third and fourth quarters . Derrick Favors dominated the middle for the Jazz as he finished with a team - high 28 points and a game - high 14 rebounds . Gordon Hayward chipped in 27 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 4 - 9 3PT , 5 - 5 FT ) , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Jazz won with hot outside shooting ( 12 - 28 , 43 percent from three ) and 11 offensive rebounds , five coming from Favors . DeMarcus Cousins scored a game - high 31 ( 10 - 23 FG , 3 - 6 3PT , 8 - 11 FT ) and grabbed 10 rebounds in the losing effort . Omri Casspi hit all four of his three - point attempts to pitch in 20 off the bench , and Darren Collison scored 14 with five assists and a pair of steals . The Kings has solid shooting of their own ( 9 - 21 3PT ) but their offense kicked in too late to keep with Utah 's onslaught . Tha Jazz finish a back - to - back Monday at home against the Cavaliers . The Kings hit the road for a Tuesday matchup against the Lakers .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 25 - 42 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 26 - 41 ) 123 - 108 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . Anthony Davis and Ryan Anderson put on a scoring clinic in the blowout , as both players took advantage of their matchups against the struggling Kings . Sacramento is 1 - 9 over their last 10 games and the team has fallen off the wagon since the all - star break . Anthony Davis got off to a strong start and dominated in the second quarter , where his team ended the half with a 21 point lead . Davis scored 27 points and grabbed 14 rebounds on 10 - of - 20 shooting , while Ryan Anderson was lethal in 26 minutes off the bench and finished with 29 points that included five baskets from behind the arc . Omer Asik has received sporadic minutes over the last few games , but earned the starting nod on Wednesday after not playing any minutes on Monday . Asik contributed a lowly five points , to go along with four rebounds in the unimpressive performance . New_Orleans shot selection was all but unstoppable for Sacramento , as they shot 54 percent as a unit . The Kings look monotonous since dropping off in the playoff chase , and their struggle on the defensive end of the floor has opened up blowout losses . They entered the game without the depth of Rajon Rondo ( thumb/shoulder ) and Marco Belinelli ( ankle ) , which posed major mismatches in the backcourt . The help defense at the rim was also absent , save for DeMarcus Cousins doing whatever he can to keep his team in the game . Cousins finished with 20 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and two blocks on 8 - of - 21 shooting , while Darren Collison impressed on the offensive end with 23 points , which included a perfect 3 - of - 3 from deep . After the brutal second quarter , the Kings bounced back in the third quarter and chipped six points off lead , but it was far from enough to bring the game close enough to compete . Both teams play on Friday , as the Kings will visit the Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 34 ) , while the Pelicans will host the Damian Lillard and the Portland Trail Blazers ( 35 - 33 ) .
The Sacramento Kings ( 30 - 45 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 36 - 39 ) 120 - 111 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . The Kings took care of business on their home court en route to their 30th win of the season , which marked the first time since 2007 - 2008 , but the a bizarre final 10 seconds of play resulted in a double technical at the expense of Rajon Rondo and DeMarcus Cousins . Following a Wizards bucket , Rondo and Cousins appeared to mock the refs , walking towards their bench both clapping simultaneously . Rondo was then ejected for arguing with the ref , and Cousins earned his 16th technical foul of the season . If all holds up , both players will likely be suspended for their next game . Despite the strange ending , the Kings had little trouble handling their opponent on the second game of a back - to - back for Washington . The first quarter went in favor of the Wizards , and John Wall got them off to a hot start after scoring seven points and adding four rebounds and four assists in that first period . Wall is accustomed to dealing dimes against Sacramento , his season high 19 assists came against the Kings late in December . From there on out Cousins went on to score at will and abuse his matchup with Marcin Gortat . Washington got some life back in them when Otto Porter Jr. went on a scoring run in the third quarter , but poor shot selection in the final period sank their chances of overcoming the deficit . Cousins finished with 29 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and four blocks on 11 - of - 18 shooting in 32 minutes . Rondo completed his 36th double - double of the season with 15 points and 11 assists . The Kings elite duo looked fresh after sitting out against the Trail Blazers on Monday . Rudy Gay either knocked down his midrange jumpers , but failed to convert a three - pointer , as he finished 0 - of - 3 from behind the arc . Gay finished with 15 points and four boards . The Sacramento bench saw three standout double figure performances from Omri Casspi , Kosta Koufos and Darren Collison , with the latter of the trio impressively completing a double - double alongside Rondo with 13 points and 10 assists . Bradley Beal and Porter Jr. aided the Wizards in the scoring department , as John Wall’s jump shot failed him for a second consecutive game . Beal added 24 points , three rebounds and four assists , while also providing a highlight of his handles after taking advantage of the flat footed Willie Cauley-Stein for a pretty crossover . Most of Porter Jr’s 20 points came in the third quarter , but his shooting was efficient after going 8 - of - 11 from the field . The Wizards out - rebounded and out - assisted the Kings , but even after shooting 48 percent from the field , it was not enough to match the Kings lights out 56 percent shooting as a unit . Both teams will suit up on Friday , as the Kings will host the MIami Heat ( 43 - 30 ) , while the Wizards visit the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 55 ) .
The Miami Heat ( 44 - 31 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 30 - 46 ) 112 - 106 on Friday night . Miami had a huge lead early in this game and the Kings made it much closer than they rightfully should have . Sacramento outscored Miami 30 - 20 in the fourth quarter , but the Heat made some big plays late to escape with the win . The offense was the key for the Heat , as they shot 51 percent from the field , 95 percent from the free - throw line and 55 percent from three - point range . Miami played this game without Dwyane Wade and ended up with a huge road win . In fact , the victory put them in a three - way tie for the division lead , with less than 10 games left . Gerald Green led all scorers with 30 points , starting for Wade . Joe Johnson played extremley well too , as he tallied 14 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Goran Dragic and Luol Deng both scored 17 points a piece as well . Up next for Miami is a matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . The Kings also had to play this game without their superstar , as DeMarcus Cousins was suspended for this matchup . Rudy Gay stepped up in his absence though , as he amassed 20 points and 14 rebounds . Seth Curry scored a career - high 21 points , which led the starters as well . Darren Collison led the team with 26 points , as he came off the bench in spectacular fashion . On deck for Sacramento is a matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 32 - 48 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 54 - 26 ) 114 - 112 on Saturday . Although their postseason hopes have long been crushed , the Kings took on the third - seeded Thunder as if they had something to play for . Kings coach George Karl opted to give Rajon Rondo another night off to rest , bringing Darren Collison into the starting lineup . The veteran guard responded well to the starting opportunity , tallying the team 's highest point total . The high - scoring , back - and - forth affair came down to the final seconds , as Rudy Gay was able to sink two free throws after a Serge Ibaka foul with less than a second remaining . On the Thunder 's last - gasp possession , Russell Westbrook , who committed a game - high eight turnovers , missed a desperation 52 - foot three - point heave that would have sent the game into overtime . Oklahoma_City was led by Kevin Durant 's 31 points , which he supplemented with eight assists and six rebounds . Westbrook was next with 24 points , 10 assists , five rebounds and a steal . Ibaka managed 14 points , eight rebounds and two steals . Enes Kanter paced the bench with 11 points , six rebounds and a steal . The Thunder remains atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are in the third seed in the conference as well . They 're home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night . Sacramento was paced by Collison 's 27 points , eight assists , five rebounds and a steal . Gay was next with 24 points , eight rebounds , three assists , four steals and two blocks . DeMarcus Cousins had a quiet night by his standards , supplying 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Seth Curry paced the bench with 20 points , three assists and two rebounds . The Kings are currently in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Monday night .
The New_York Knicks ( 3 - 4 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 5 ) at home on Sunday , putting an end to their three - game losing streak . Star small forward Carmelo Anthony led the way for the Knicks with 24 points while also tacking on eight rebounds in the hotly - contested game . Facing a tough challenge from opposing center Roy Hibbert ( 18 points,10 rebounds ) , New_York big man Robin Lopez was able to effectively crash the glass , posting a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . The win marked the end of a three - game losing streak for the Knicks , as well as the team 's first win at home on the season . Despite the victory , the Knicks ' shooting woes persisted , as the team shot just 39 percent from the floor and 33 percent from beyond the three - point arc . Despite keeping it close , the Lakers were unable to avoid the loss , falling to just 1 - 5 on the season . The Lakers ' issues with efficiency and shot selection were on display in New_York , as the team shot a dismal 38 percent from the floor and recorded just 19 assists on the night . 20 - year veteran Kobe Bryant struggled again on Sunday , making just six of his team - high 19 shot attempts . Rookie D'Angelo Russell also continued his slow start to the season , posting just six points in 28 minutes of action . The Lakers will look to recover from their funk on Tuesday as they travel to Miami to take on the Heat . Meanwhile , the Knicks will look to even out their record on Tuesday in Toronto .
The New_York Knicks held off the Charlotte Hornets 102 - 94 on Tuesday , thanks to a dominant third quarter . In a game where Charlotte was up by two at half , the Knicks put together a huge 34 - point third quarter to eventually lock up the win . The Knicks dominated the rebounding margin in the first game between these two teams , but they dominated the shooting here . The Hornets actually outshot the Knicks from the field , but the Knicks shot 95 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from three - point range . The Hornets shot just 68 percent from the free - throw line and 25 percent from three - point range . New_York also out - assisted Charlotte 22 - 13 and simply looked like the better team on Tuesday . The Hornets prevailed in the first game between these two teams , but just didn’t play well enough to win on Tuesday . The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker , who continues to prove that Madison Square Garden is one of his favorite places to play . Walker tallied 31 points , four rebounds and three steals in the loss . After winning Player of the Week last week , Nicolas Batum started this week with a terrible game . Batum scored just four points on 1 - for - 9 shooting and provided just six rebounds and no other notable statistics , which is a bit strange for a player who regularly stuffs the stat sheet . The bench did play well for the Hornets though , as they had three players record at least 12 points and five rebounds in the defeat . Charlotte will look to bounce - back on Wednesday against the struggling Brooklyn Nets in the second half of a back - to - back for both teams . The Knicks barely held off the Hornets on Tuesday , but their just happy to get the win . They were led by rookie Kristaps Porzingis , who tallied a career - high 29 points and 11 rebounds in the win . Skeptics who were calling this rookie a bust before he played a game are surely eating their words at this point . After being a terrible team last year , the Knicks have some fire this year and much of the success has to go to this talented rookie . New_York was also led by another good performance from Carmelo Anthony , who collected 18 points , 11 rebounds and five assists in the victory . These two are the cornerstones for the franchise at this point and that has to make Knicks fans somewhat encouraged . The Knicks have a few days off until they play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday in OKC in their next schedule game .
The Miami Heat ( 10 - 5 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 8 - 9 ) 97 - 78 on Friday . Gerald Green 's first season in a Heat uniform has been anything but dull . The veteran has managed to overcome recent personal problems to serve as an integral part of the Miami bench , as well as a terrific spot starter . Green filled in at small forward for Luol Deng for a second consecutive contest and propelled the Heat to a road victory with a team - high , game - high , and season - high 25 points . The particularly remarkable aspect of his performance was the fact that Green had only tallied only 5 points by intermission . However , a second - half offensive barrage that included three of his four three - pointers on the night helped Miami significantly extend what had been a razor - thin 50 - 49 halftime lead , and cruise to an eventual 21 - point win . Green 's effort was complemented nicely by Chris Bosh , who managed 20 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Dwyane Wade pitched in with 17 points , five rebounds and a trio of assists . Hassan Whiteside had his worst shooting night of the season , going only 1 - for - 6 from the field , making it his first single - digit scoring night in over two weeks and only the fourth game in which he has scored under 10 points . However , the standout center did haul in 14 boards , the third consecutive game in which he 's hit double - digit rebounds . Rookie Justice Winslow received a robust 35 minutes off the bench , and although he was n't terribly efficient with them , he did round out the stat sheet nicely . The Heat 's 2015 first - round pick finished with nine points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Heat improved to 10 - 5 and are in possession of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a date with the Celtics on Monday . The Knicks were thoroughly stymied by Miami 's suffocating defense , shooting only 38 percent from the field for the game and barely seeing two of five starters crack double - digit scoring . Carmelo Anthony was one of those players , but the superstar small forward could only muster 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal over 34 minutes . It tied the veteran 's season - low scoring total , which he 'd posted in the opener versus Milwaukee . Kristaps Porzingis matched Anthony 's 11 points and added eight rebounds , two steals and three blocks . Robin Lopez , Arron Afflalo and Jose Calderon-the rest of the starting five - - only totaled eight points between them . Reserve forward Kevin Seraphin was the only other New_York player to reach double figures , tallying 10 points , three rebounds and an assist over a very efficient 17 minutes . The Knicks fell to 8 - 9 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a date with the Rockets on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets ( 7 - 10 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 8 - 10 ) 116 - 111 in overtime on Sunday . The Knicks learned before the game that Carmelo Anthony would miss the contest with an illness , setting the stage for additional offensive responsibility for offseason acquisition Arron Afflalo . The veteran shooting guard resoundingly answered the bell , posting a season - high and game - high 31 points on an outstanding 13 - of - 19 shooting performance . Six of those points came in the extra period , as the Knicks pulled even with the Rockets at 111 before Houston was able to pull away . Afflalo 's effort was part of a remarkable 58 percent shooting night for the Knicks , which notably accomplished the feat in Anthony 's absence . The stellar accuracy rate from the field also was considerably better than the victorious Rockets ' 45 percent figure . Kristaps Porzingis supported Afflalo 's stellar performance with a huge double - double that consisted of 20 points and 13 rebounds , along with an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks . Lance Thomas also turned in a solid game in a spot start in Anthony 's stead , amassing 15 points and three rebounds . However , Jose Calderon ( seven points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal ) and Robin Lopez ( scoreless over 15 minutes , with three rebounds , two assists and a block ) could not do much to support New_York 's offensive cause . Kevin Seraphin paced the Knicks ' bench with a 14 - point , seven - rebound outing , his second consecutive double - digit scoring game . Derrick Williams also represented the reserves well , managing 12 points and four rebounds . The Knicks fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They next face the Sixers in a home tilt on Wednesday . Although James Harden once again paced the Rockets ' offense with 26 points , seven rebounds and nine assists , it was clutch three - pointers by Marcus Thornton and Trevor Ariza in the fourth quarter and overtime , respectively , that helped guarantee a hard - fought victory . Thornton led Houston 's bench with 18 points , an assist and a steal , and drained a long - range bucket with 32 seconds left in regulation to knot the score at 101 . Ariza assisted on another Thornton trey in overtime , and then sank his own shot from beyond the arc with 1:12 left in the extra period to close out a 16 - point , seven - rebound night that also included an assist and a pair of steals . Clint Capela put forward another outstanding effort in a spot start in place of Terrence Jones , posting an 18 - point , 11 - rebound double - double , his second consecutive and third in his last four games . Dwight Howard was the fourth Houston starter to tally double - digit scoring , collecting 14 points and hauling in six boards . The Rockets improved to 7 - 10 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Detroit for a Monday matchup against the Pistons .
The New_York Knicks ( 9 - 10 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 19 ) 99 - 85 on Wednesday at Madison Square Garden in New_York . After securing their first win of the season on Tuesday , the Sixers were hoping to get their momentum moving in the right direction . Unfortunately , that was n't the case Wednesday , as the Knicks came in and snapped a four - game losing streak of their own with the 14 - point victory over the Sixers.The Sixers forced the Knicks into 17 turnovers as a team , but could n't get anything going offensively , shooting just 37 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line . Conversely , the Knicks shot 44 percent from the floor and 20 percent from deep . It was Kristaps Porzingis , the Knicks ' electrifying first - round pick , who again stole the show Wednesday . Porzingis was very efficient offensively , scoring a team - high of 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , to go along with 10 rebounds and four blocked shots . He 's now notched two double - doubles in a row , which brings his season total to nine . Porzingis is averaging 14 points , 9 rebounds and 2 blocks on the season . After missing Sunday 's game due to an illness , superstar Carmelo Anthony returned to the lineup . Anthony did n't have the best game shooting the ball , but still finished with 12 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and a pair of assists . Anthony has combined to shoot just 9 - for - 29 from the field and 1 - for - 6 from the three - point line over his last two games , so he 'll look to turn things around moving forward . Arron Afflalo chipped in with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) and eight rebounds as well . With Jahlil Okakor being suspended two games due to a few off - court incidents , the Sixers had JaKarr Sampson move into the starting lineup . Sampson led all Sixer scorers with 12 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds over 23 minutes . The 12 points were the most he 's scored since the season opener , considering he 's averaging just 6 points and 3 rebounds on the season . Sampson should get the start again Saturday with Okafor remaining out on suspension . Hollis Thompson and Richaun Holmes came off the bench and tried to give the Sixers a much - needed spark . Thompson recorded 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) and four rebounds , while Holmes added 11 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds . The Knicks ' next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday , while the Sixers will head home to play the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 23 - 27 ) fought off a second - half rally from the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 32 ) to win 111 - 108 at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday . Despite being outscored by 13 in the third quarter , Washington was able to narrowly pull out a win in the game 's final minutes . All-Star point guard John Wall not only led the Wizards in scoring with 28 , but dished out his second - highest assist total of the season with 17 . Wall played a whopping 43 minutes in four quarters and turned the ball over just once despite being the focal point of the Washington offense . Meanwhile , Wall 's backcourt partner in crime Bradley Beal drilled five three - pointers and poured in 26 points overall . Beal shot a disappointing 5 - for - 9 from the free - throw line , but more than made up for it with his impressive shooting from the field ( 8 - of - 14 ) and his stellar defense ( four steals ) . Overall , Washington won with a lights - out shooting performance from beyond the arc , as the team shot 16 - for - 26 from deep . Rebounding , however , proved to be an issue for the Wizards , as they pulled down just 32 boards to New_York 's 46 . Superstar Carmelo Anthony was unsurprisingly the leader for his team on Tuesday , as he posted a game - high 33 points to go along with 13 rebounds . Melo hit three three - pointers and was perfect from the line , helping his team post an impressive 53 percent from the field . Anthony saw help in the form of Latvian rookie Kristaps Porzingis , who scored 20 points and blocked three shots . The Knicks struggled , however , to match their opponents ' heat from beyond the arc , as they shot just 31 percent from three - point territory . The Wizards will see their last contest before the All-Star break on Thursday as they visit Milwaukee . The Knicks , meanwhile , are done until after the break . They resume action in Brooklyn on Feb. 19 .
The New_York Knicks ( 25 - 35 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 25 - 32 ) 108 - 95 on Friday . The Magic made the trek up to the Big Apple after a 130 - 114 blowout defeat on Thursday in Orlando at the hands of the reigning NBA champs . The Knicks jumped on the likely - tired visitors early , building a 62 - 44 halftime lead . Although the Magic came out a bit reenergized out of intermission , New_York 's workmanlike effort kept them at an advantage , and led to a comfortable double - digit victory . The hosts were just a bit better than their guests in every category Friday , with New_York sporting a 46 percent to 42 percent shooting advantage from the floor , a 25 percent to 22 percent edge from beyond the arc , and also prevailing 51 - 47 on the glass . Orlando was paced by a solid effort from Nikola Vucevic , who posted 18 points , eight boards , an assist and a steal . Aaron Gordon continued his stretch of strong play with 17 points , eight rebounds , two assists and a steal . Victor Oladipo tallied 16 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Dewayne Dedmon led the reserves with 12 points , three rebounds and a steal , while rookie Mario Hezonja also was productive while filling out the stat sheet in an efficient 26 minutes . He registered eight points , seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and five games back of the eighth - seeded Charlotte Hornets . They 're back home on Sunday to face off against the Philadelphia 76ers . Carmelo Anthony led the way for New_York with a 19 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and a steal . Kristaps Porzingis was right behind with 18 points , six boards , two assists , two steals and a pair of blocks . Each of the three remaining starters tallied 14 - point efforts . Arron Afflalo surprisingly added 12 boards to his scoring haul , along with a trio of assists and a steal . Robin Lopez supplemented his total with eight boards , a steal and a pair of blocks , while Jose Calderon also contributed three boards and an assist . Even the reserves got in on the act , with Derrick Williams and Lance Thomas pacing the bench with a pair of 11 - point outings . The former complemented his scoring with three rebounds , while the latter added three boards , an assist and a steal . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are five and a half games back of the eighth - seeded Charlotte Hornets . They 're home again on Sunday to face off against the Miami Heat .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 28 ) continued their ridiculous hot streak on Tuesday , beating the New_York Knicks ( 25 - 37 ) 104 - 85 at Madison Square Garden . Portland has now won 13 of its last 15 games . Despite most preseason projections placing the Blazers squarely in the lottery , the surprising young team has emerged as the sixth - place team in the Western Conference with a real chance to make it to fifth by the season 's end . Much of the credit for Portland 's meteoric rise must be given to point guard Damian Lillard , of course , whose averages of 30 points and 7 assists per game helped Portland to the league 's second - best record in the month of February . Lillard took the reigns once again on Tuesday , pouring in 30 points including a perfect 10 - for - 10 from the line . Guard C.J. McCollum was also an integral piece , as he exploded for 25 points . McCollum has emerged as one of the league 's biggest breakout stars this season , making Portland one of just two teams in the association with multiple guards averaging over 20 points per game . No other Portland starter notched more than four points , but it did n't seem to matter , as the dynamic duo 's 55 combined points were enough to bury the struggling Knicks . For New_York , poor shooting was the story of the night . The team posted splits of just 38/29/72 in what was a truly abysmal night from the field . While perennial All-Star Carmelo Anthony scored a team - leading 23 points , no other Knick eclipsed 13 on the night , and only four scored in double - digits . Last year 's last - place team is once again beginning to slide towards the bottom of the East , as the Knicks now sit at 12 games below .500 . New_York will attempt to bounce back against the surging Celtics in Boston on Friday . Portland , meanwhile , will be visiting Boston two days earlier for a Wednesday matchup against another red - hot team .
The Sacramento Kings ( 27 - 42 ) picked up a road win Sunday night over the New_York Knicks ( 28 - 43 ) at Madison Square Garden , 88 - 80 . The Knicks ' only lead of the game came at 4 - 2 , as the Kings immediately rattled off a 19 - 4 run to open up a 21 - 8 lead . The Knicks managed the close the lead to three points at halftime , and the Kings never led by double - digits in the second half , but the early lead they built up was enough to hold off New_York 's anemic offense , which was clearly feeling the loss of Carmelo Anthony , who was out with migraines . DeMarcus Cousins scored a game - high 24 points ( 11 - 23 FG ) and grabbed a game - high 20 rebounds ( five offensive ) to lead the Kings , his second 20 - 20 game of the season ( 2/19 against Denver ) . Rudy Gay added 17 points ( 8 - 21 FG ) and Omri Casspi scored 15 points ( 5 - 9 FG ) off the bench . The Kings shot just 28 percent from three ( 7 - 25 ) and 40 percent from the floor , but they committed just 11 turnovers as they played just clean enough to earn the victory . Robin Lopez 's 23 points led the Knicks , and he matched Cousins 's 20 rebounds in his first 20 - 20 game of the season . Kristaps Porzingis was the only other Knicks starter to get into double digits , as he scored 13 on 6 - 17 shooting . Jerami Grant added 14 off the bench ( 6 - 15 FG ) , and Deron Williams scored 11 in 21 minutes of play ( 4 - 9 FG ) . The Knicks shot a brutal 35 percent from the floor and 4 - 19 ( 21 percent ) from the three - point line in the loss . The Kings continue their road trip Monday in Chicago against the Bulls . The Knicks also play the Bulls in their next game , Wednesday in Chicago .
The New_York Knicks ( 30 - 43 ) took down the shorthanded Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 35 ) for the second straight night on Thursday , winning 106 - 94 . Though not mathematically eliminated , the Knicks remain squarely out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture . However , the team has now won two straight after a back - to - back against the ailing Bulls . All-Star Carmelo Anthony led the team with 26 points , also pulling down seven rebounds . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis also had a big night , notching a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . The Latvian big man also swatted three shots en route to the win . The Bulls have been grappling with major injuries for months , and Thursday was no exception . Key players Pau Gasol and Tony Snell both sat , allowing big man Cristiano Felicio to slide into the starting lineup despite his average of just 7 minutes per game on the season . The Bulls recorded a paltry 15 assists on the night , and the Chicago bench combined for just 20 in the contest . Despite these shortcomings , former MVP Derrick Rose did shine with a big 30 - point scoring night . The Bulls now sit 2 games behind the Pistons in the Eastern Conference playoff race . The Knicks will host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday , while the Bulls will travel to Orlando to take on the Magic .
The Indiana Pacers ( 41 - 36 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 31 - 47 ) 92 - 87 on Sunday . This game meant a whole lot more to the Pacers than the Knicks and they were lucky to escape with a win . The second quarter was the only quarter that Indiana won , but they domianted to the tune of a 36 to 18 scoreline . The key for the Pacers was their defense , as they held the Knicks to 34 percent shooting . The Knicks played this game without Carmelo Anthony and Jose Calderon and had one of their best peformances in weeks . Robin Lopez stepped up big , as he amassed 10 points , 15 rebounds and six blocks . Sasha Vujacic led the team with 21 points in his revived role . Arron Afflalo was leaned on late and scored 15 points on just 5 - for - 15 shooting . On deck for the Knicks is a matchup with the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday . Indiana is now 3 games up in the eight - seed , so this was obviously a crucial win . Paul George was the star for the Pacers , as he tallied 20 points and nine rebounds . Rodney Stuckey gave the team a great spark off the bench , as he scored 17 points . Up next for Indiana is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 8 ) beat the Detroit Pistons ( 5 - 5 ) 97 - 85 at the Staples Center on Sunday . Kobe Bryant rounded out the stat sheet and got the Lakers faithful out of their seats after finishing with 17 points , eight rebounds and nine assists on 6 - for - 19 shooting . The 20 - year NBA veteran was far from his vintage form , but added an important 3 - pointer , and free throws down the stretch to help the Lakers close out the game . The Pistons were led by Andre Drummond , who continues to dominate the glass against every team he faces and finished the night with 17 rebounds , to go along with 17 points and three assists on 8 - for - 18 shooting . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 10 points , but struggled from the field after finishing 4 - for - 15 in the losing effort . Spencer Dinwiddie outperformed Caldwell-Pope and Reggie Jackson ( nine points , four rebounds and three assists ) , as he totaled 17 points , two rebounds and four assists on 6 - for - 9 shooting in 23:43 off the bench . Jordan Clarkson matched Bryant’s 17 points and added six rebounds and three assists in 29:14 , outperforming rookie D’Angelo Russell , who continues to see lowly minutes . Russell played 20:54 and scored nine points in addition to five rebounds and two assists on 3 - for - 9 shooting . The No . 2 overall pick in the draft fired six 3 - pointers , but only managed to hit one of them , while the streaky Nick Young provided 13 points off the bench on 4 - for - 6 shooting . The Lakers moved the ball well and tightened up on defense , holding the Pistons to 37 percent shooting . Roy Hibbert was tasked with the difficult assignment of Andre Drummond , but finished with 12 points , seven rebounds and two blocks . The Pistons will host the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 8 - 2 ) on Tuesday , while the Lakers will visit the Phoenix Suns ( 5 - 4 ) on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 11 - 5 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 14 ) 107 - 103 on Sunday . The Pacers received more than they likely bargained for from a feistly Lakers squad that perhaps played with a bit more fire than usual , following Kobe Bryant 's announcement earlier in the day confirming his retirement at season 's end . The perennial All-Star appropriately generated some late - game excitement with a clutch three - point shot that closed the deficit for the home team to 104 - 103 with 12 seconds left , but Paul George was able to seal the victory for the Pacers by draining three out of four free - throws in the final 10 seconds . It was fitting that George clinched the hard - fought win , considering that he spearheaded Indiana 's offensive attack once again with 39 points , four rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals over 37 minutes . It marked the third consecutive game that the standout forward has been at 33 points or better , including a 40 - point outing . The backcourt duo of George Hill and Monta Ellis also made solid contributions , with both guards posting double - digit scoring performances . Hill amassed 11 points and complemented it with six rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals , while Ellis pitched in 15 points , six assists and a block . After an up - and - down start to his Pacers tenure , Ellis has now posted double - digit scoring in seven of his last eight games . C.J. Miles had a quiet outing by his recent standards , pouring in only nine points , and Ian Mahinmi rounded out the starting five 's contributions with eight points and 10 boards in another solid game . Rodney Stuckey paced the Indiana reserves with 11 points , seven rebounds and a pair of assists . The Pacers improved to 11 - 5 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain in Los_Angeles to face off with the Clippers on Wednesday . Outside of his brief moment of fourth - quarter glory , Bryant turned in another absolutely forgettable shooting effort . He shot only 20 percent from the field , needing all of 20 shots to reach his final output of 13 points . He also added four rebounds , three assists and a steal . Meanwhile , Bryant 's heir apparent at his old shooting guard spot , Jordan Clarkson , continued his recent strong play with an outstanding 22 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . Julius Randle , another one of the young stars giving Lakers ' brass and fans hope for the future , tallied his third double - double in the last five games with 11 points and 12 rebounds , with all but one of those boards coming on the defensive glass . D'Angelo Russell continued his inconsistent shooting performances , totaling eight points on 4 - of - 11 from the field , and adding seven rebounds and a trio of assists . Roy Hibbert turned in a serviceable effort at the center spot , collecting eight points and hauling in nine boards . Nick Young surprisingly tied Clarkson for the team scoring lead with an unexpected 22 - point night off the bench , following four consecutive games in which he 'd only mustered single - digit point totals . The Lakers fell to 2 - 13 and currently reside in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 21 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 16 ) 113 - 95 on Tuesday . After Milwaukee beat the undefeated Golden State Warriors in their most recent game , fans hoped they came out of their slump . Clearly not , as the Lakers handled them here in a blowout win . The Lakers had a 20 - point lead after three quarters and this game was well out of hand before the final buzzer . The rebounding was the big difference , as the Lakers grabbed 52 to Milwaukee 's 38 . The free - throw shooting was a huge disparity as well , as the Lakers hit 21 - of - 25 while the Bucks went just 11 - for - 20 . Milwaukee was coming off one of their biggest wins in team history , but it doesn’t matter much anymore after losing to a four - win Lakers team . They still want 1 - 1 in those two games like everyone expected and that win means almost nothing now . This team continues to play poorly on both ends and there doesn’t seem to be a light at the end of the tunnel . Michael Carter-Williams was the lone bright spot in this game , as he tallied 19 points , five rebounds and five assists off the bench . They did have to play this game without Greg Monroe and that left them with very little post presence . Monroe missed the game due to some knee soreness and his status is up in the air for Milwaukee 's next game against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday . The Lakers have been struggling mightily all season , but this was a great all - around performance . Seven players scored in double - figures with Kobe Bryant leading the team with 22 points . The bench was espcially good , as youngsters Julius Randle and D'Angelo Russell both played well here . Randle recorded a 14 point - 14 rebound double - double , while Russell amassed 19 points , seven assists and four rebounds . It 's rare to see this Lakers team hit on all cylinders like this , but it 's a good sight for Los_Angeles fans . They 'll look to build off this rare win , when they take in the Houston Rockets on Thursday in their next scheduled game .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 27 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 25 ) 97 - 77 on Sunday . The Lakers have largely suffered through a miserable 2015 - 16 campaign so far , with Kobe Bryant 's league - wide retirement tour and the positive vibes it 's generated serving as their primary source of pride and optimism . However , Los_Angeles has slowly begun showing signs of life in recent games , with their mix of young and veteran pieces starting to gel . With Sunday 's dominating victory , a game in which they led by as much as 30 at one point , the Lakers have now won a season - high three straight games . It 's their first such streak since last February , and while not a notable winning stretch for most other teams in the NBA , it could certainly be an indicator of a progressively improving squad . Phoenix continues to struggle on offense without Eric Bledsoe , who is out for the season after knee surgery . Backcourt mate Brandon Knight is certainly doing his best to hold down the fort , and led the Suns in scoring Sunday with 25 points and nine assists . It was his second consecutive 20 - point - plus effort , and he 's now put up a robust 62 shot attempts over the last three games , a tangible indicator of the offensive responsibility the five - year pro is shouldering . Unfortunately for both Phoenix and Knight , Bledsoe 's replacement , rookie Devin Booker , was the only other starter who posted double - digit scoring , managing 10 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Mirza Teletovic paced the reserves with 16 points , eight rebounds and an assist , his third straight game with double - digit points . Tyson Chandler ( two points ) , Jon Leuer ( four points ) and P.J. Tucker ( five points ) led a parade of underwhelming offensive efforts for the Suns , who also were hampered by a shockingly scoreless outing from T.J. Warren over 21 minutes off the bench . Phoenix fell to 12 - 25 and continues in fourth place in the Westen Conference 's Pacific Division . They head home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday . The home team was spearheaded by an explosive performance from two - guard Louis Williams , who collected a season - high 30 points and also equaled a season best by hauling in seven rebounds . The veteran drained a season - best six three - pointers as well , managing his best shooting night from long range on the season ( 86 percent ) . Larry Nance , Jr. posted an impressive double - double in support of Williams ' effort , posting 15 points and 14 boards . Roy Hibbert ( 13 points ) and Jordan Clarkson ( 12 points ) were the other starters to also reach double - digit scoring , and the pair also stuffed the stat sheet in other categories . The former added six rebounds , three assists and three blocks , while the latter supplemented his points with seven assists , five rebounds , three steals and a block . Brandon Bass led the Los_Angeles bench with an eight - point outing . The Lakers improved to 8 - 27 but remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 'll be home again on Tuesday for a date with the reigning NBA champion Golden State Warriors .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 33 - 2 ) rolled over the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 28 ) 109 - 88 on Tuesday night . In a game that was a major mismatch on paper , there wasn’t much fight from the big underdog . The starters for the Warriors dominated in the first and third quarters , as they outscored the Lakers 67 - 38 in that 24 - minute stretch . Usually the Warriors win by outscoring teams , but they played some of their best defense of the season here . The Lakers shot just 32 percent from the field and 24 percent from long distance . This game was well out of hand early and mismatches like this are ugly to watch for NBA fans . Not many teams can keep up with Golden_State and especially not the Lakers . The Warriors blitzed them in the first quarter and then hit them even harder coming out after the half time . Klay Thompson was the star of the show , as he scored 22 first quarter points and finished the game with 36 in total . Steph Curry had to leave this game in the third quarter after re - aggravating his shin injury and Warriors fans have to be concerned at this point with hs continuous distress . After getting three - straight triple - doubles , Draymond Green had a subpar outing , by scoring just nine points while grabbing 12 rebounds in the win . Golden_State has a few days off until they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday in their next game . The Lakers came into this game with a miraculous three - game winning streak , but left with a blowout loss in an expected scenario . Considering the spread was at 15 points coming in , the final scoreline doesn’t look as bad . Only one Lakers player scored more than 11 points , as everyone struggled to find their shot . Jordan Clarkson was the only bright spot , as he scored a team - high 23 points in just 29 minutes of action . They did have to play this game without Kobe Bryant and D'Angelo Russell , but the result likely would have been the same even if those two played . Los_Angeles will look to bounce back in their next game against the surging Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 26 - 11 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers 117 - 113 on Friday night . The prior results from this particular matchup would have indicated a Thunder blowout , but this was one of the most exciting games of the night . In fact , Oklahoma_City won its first two games against the Lakers by a combined 75 points , but couldn’t slow them down here . The Thunder simply made some big plays late that carried them to a win with very little to differentiate the two teams . Both teams shot right around 50 percent from the field and the pace was incredible throughout . Oklahoma_City is one of the three - best rebounding teams in the NBA and that was the difference here , as they recorded 45 boards to the Lakers 34 . The Thunder made this game much closer than expected , but they still ended up with the win . Once again it was Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant who carried the torch for the Thunder . Westbrook flirted with a triple - double by amassing 36 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists in the win . Durant scored 24 points while snatching down seven rebounds as well . This marks Oklahoma_City 's fourth - straight road win and that 's a great sign with their road struggles earlier in the season . The Thunder will look to keep the good times rolling on Sunday against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Lakers played much better here than most people expected and fans have to be encouraged with the recent play . Lou Williams was just majestic late in this game , as he scored 23 fourth quarter points en route to a career - high 44 points in the game . What was most impressive is that he went 15 - for - 15 from the free - throw line . Kobe Bryant also played very well , as he tallied 19 points , four rebounds and six assists . The bench was yet again a disappointment , as no player scored in double - figures . The best part about this loss was the fight that the Lakers showed , as they played hard throughout and battled against a team who killed them in their first two games . Los_Angeles next game will be on Sunday against the Utah Jazz .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 23 - 25 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 41 ) 101 - 82 at Staples Center on Sunday . As the halfway point of the season has passed , and the upcoming all - star break is around the corner , the Lakers will likely look to start thinking about 2016 - 2017 and the NBA Draft because it was the same story with Los_Angeles , who picked up their 10th straight loss and dropped to 4 - 24 at home . Kobe Bryant played to the delight of the hometown crowd , and provided one of his better performances of the season , as he finished with 23 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 18 shooting in 23 minutes . The rout was on early for Charlotte , who stretched a double figure lead and danced around a 30 point blowout for most of the second half . The Lakers turned the ball over 15 times and Charlotte exploited the youthful Los_Angeles roster , specifically D’Angelo Russell , who converted five of the team 's turnovers . Russell contributed 10 points , six rebounds and one assist off the bench . Julius Randle strung together another double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds , while his frontcourt partner , Roy Hibbert , finished with zero points and two boards in a weak showing from the veteran . Kemba Walker’s torrid shooting did not have a large impact on the Hornets all around effort , as the frontcourt combination of Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , who made his season debut on Friday against the Blazers , and Marvin Williams contributed 38 points and 24 rebounds . Even more impressively , they combined to go 6 - of - 10 from behind the arc , which constantly kept the game far out of reach from the Lakers . Nobody else on the Hornets was nearly as polarizing as the two forwards , but a bright spot came from rookie Frank Kaminsky , who finished with 11 points in 23 minutes off the bench . The Lakers will host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 35 ) on Tuesday , while the Hornets will entertain LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 34 - 12 ) on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 10 - 41 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 36 ) 119 - 115 on Tuesday night . Los_Angeles carried a 10 - game losing streak into this game , but walked away with a much needed win . Both offenses were extremely efficient , as they both shot over 50 percent from the field . The 66 - point first half marked the highest - scoring first half for the Lakers all season and it set a great precedent , as they carried a 14 - point lead into the half . The Timberwolves shot 58 percent from the field and nearly came back in the second half , but simply got too far down to revive themselves . A key statistic was the turnover differential , as the Wolves committed 15 turnovers to the Lakers nine . The Timberwolves had one of their best offensive performances of the season , but still couldn’t pull out a win . They have now lost 20 games in their last 23 with this defeat . They actually shot well over 55 percent from the field in this game and recorded 36 assists on 46 made buckets , so the defense really let them down . Andrew Wiggins was scorching hot , as he scored 30 points before fouling out in the final seconds . Ricky Rubio had a nice game as well , as he dished out 15 assists to go along with 10 points . Minnesota has a quick turnaround , as they play the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday in their next game . An 11 - game losing streak would have been a franchise record for the Lakers , so there was a bit extra motivation in this matchup . Kobe Bryant was questionable coming in , but he may have had his best game of the season . Not only did he hit a bunch of clutch free - throws late , Bryant finished with a season - high 38 points while also recording five rebounds and five assists in the win . Julius Randle also played well , as he recorded 15 points and 12 rebounds en route to yet another double - double . Up next for the Lakers is a game against the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 46 - 9 ) took care of the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 45 ) in a 119 - 113 win on Friday . The Spurs were embarrassed in their first game out of the All-Star break and bounced back nicely here . Despite allowing the Lakers to score 113 , the Spurs recorded 30 assists and won every significant statistic in this game , including shooting , rebounding , assisting and turnovers . San_Antonio 's shooting was especially impressive , as they shot 55 percent from the field , 94 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from long distance . This wasn’t the defensive performance the Spurs are known for , but a win is a win . Tony Parker had a renaissance game , as he scored 25 points and dished out six assists in the win . Tim Duncan also turned back the clock , as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 13 - rebound outing . Nine players scored at least seven points for the Spurs , with the bench accumulating 50 points of their own . Up next for San_Antonio is a date with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday . The Lakers have been dreadful all season , but they continue to play the Spurs tough . This is the third - straight time that these two teams have gone down to the final minutes and it 's a wonder why . Kobe Bryant showed up big time in this game , as he scored 25 points in the loss . Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson also played well , as they each scored 20 - plus points while combining for 41 in total . Julius Randle double - doubled in the loss , as he amassed 11 points and 15 rebounds as well . On deck is a matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Sunday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 34 - 28 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 51 ) 106 - 77 on Friday . In what looked like a lopsided matchup on paper , proved to be one on the court . Atlanta used their defense to pull out the win , as they held the Lakers to 77 points on 34 percent shooting . The fastbreak differential was huge as well , with the Hawks getting 27 fastbreak points to the Lakers two . Despite barely clearing 100 points , Atlanta shot 54 percent from the field in the victory . Atlanta has been one of the best defenses in the league over recent weeks and absolutely shut down the Lakers in this game . No Hawks player played particularly well , but they got some great performances from their bench . Dennis Schroeder led the team with 16 points off the bench and Kris Humphries nearly double - doubled in his Atlanta debut . Kyle Korver was extremely efficient , as he scored 15 points , while going 5 - for - 6 from the field . It 's a good thing the starters got a nice rest here , as they play again on Saturday against the Los_Angeles Clippers . Los_Angeles has been playing more competitively recently , but this was a downright ugly performance . They were without Kobe Bryant , Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson though , so it needs to be taken with a grain of salt . D'Angelo Russell really struggled , as he went 3 - for - 16 from the field after averaging nearly 27 points a game across his last four games . Julius Randle was the only Laker who played well , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 10 - rebound game . On deck for the Lakers is a nightmare matchup against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 46 - 18 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 52 ) 120 - 108 at Staples Center on Thursday . Any other year , this meeting between the Eastern Conference’s best team and the Western Conference’s worst team would not make for a premier event , but given that it was the final time Kobe Bryant would face off against LeBron James , the night had some magic to it . Bryant and James have been the sole two players who have been highlighted in the past nine NBA Finals , but they never faced off the league’s biggest stage at the same time . The Black Mamba was not afraid of the competition , and turned back the clock with his most efficient shooting performance on the season , as he scored 26 points on 11 - of - 16 shooting in 32 minutes . The passing of the torch is not far away , and D’Angelo Russell has shown improvement over the course of the torrid season for Los_Angeles , as he continued to select good shots throughout the matchup . Russell scored 24 points , to go along with four rebounds and five assists , which made up for Jordan Clarkson’s first off night in some time after scoring a lowly five points on 2 - of - 12 shooting . Julius Randle looked good with his right hand , especially driving in the lane , and pitched in 15 points and nine boards . The Cavaliers did not pull away until the second half , but once their engine got moving , the Lakers were left in the dust of a double figure lead for a while . The box score reflects six Cavs scoring in double figures , led by Kyrie Irving’s 26 points . The Duke product added two rebounds and nine assists on 11 - of - 20 shooting , while King James added 24 points , five boards and seven assists . J.R. Smith is finding a rhythm over his last week and buried four three - pointers in the contest , to go along with an off the backboard assist to James that had even the Lakers fans out of their seats . Channing Frye contributed a shooting clinic , and seemed unable to miss throughout the entirety of the game , which was reflected by his 21 points on 80 percent shooting . Tristan Thompson took care of business on the rebounding end , keeping most of the Lakers bigs boxed out . The Lakers will welcome Carmelo Anthony and the New York Knicks ( 27 - 39 ) on Sunday , while the Cavaliers will play the same day , in the same arena , against the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 41 - 22 ) .
The New_York Knicks ( 28 - 40 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 53 ) 90 - 87 on Sunday . The game was largely a tale of two halves , with New_York dominating the first two quarters despite missing two starters on offense , and jumping out to a 46 - 35 lead by intermission . However , the Lakers battled back through the final two periods , and the two teams found themselves knotted at 87 with 29 seconds left . Neither club could find a way to break the tie over the ensuing 28 ticks of the clock , with Kobe Bryant failing to hit a 12 - foot jumper for the Lakers after a 19 - second possession . Carmelo Anthony hauled in the defensive rebound off the missed shot , and following a Knicks timeout , Jose Calderon sealed the victory with a clutch 26 - foot three - point jumper with less than a second remaining . Anthony led the way for the Knicks with a 26 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , to which he added four assists and a block . Robin Lopez contributed 16 points , eight boards , two assists and two blocks . Derrick Williams , getting a spot start in place of the sidelined Kristaps Porzingis ( illness ) , filled out the stat sheet with eight points , nine rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Calderon finished with nine points , six assists , three rebounds and a steal . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are seven games back of the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They continue their West Coast swing with a trip to Golden State to face the Warriors on Wednesday night . Bryant spearheaded a pedestrian Lakers attack , tallying 14 points , two rebounds and a steal . Jordan Clarkson was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring , recording 12 points , three rebounds , two assists and three steals . D'Angelo Russell notably turned in one of his worst efforts as a starter , posting only four points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal over 22 minutes . Lou Williams paced the reserves after a five - game absence , supplying 15 points , five assists , a rebound and a steal . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 're home again against the Sacramento Kings on Tuesday night .
The Denver Nuggets ( 31 - 42 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 57 ) 116 - 105 on Friday . The form of these teams would indicate a result like this , but it happened in strange fashion . The second quarter is when things really changed , as vender outscored Los_Angeles 34 to 15 . The bench was key for the Nuggets , as they got 71 points , 24 rebounds and 18 assists from their five bench players . The Nuggets have been dominant in Los_Angeles over recent years and that continued here . The top - three scorers all came off the bench , with D.J. Augustin leading the team with 20 points and eight assists . Jusuf Nurkic was also great off the bench , as he tallied 18 points , four rebounds and five assists of his own . Nine players scored at least eight points for Denver , so it was a great all - around team effort . On deck for the Nuggets is a matchup with the Los_Angeles Clippers on Sunday . Los_Angeles continues to struggle and the Kobe Bryant tour is coming to an end . Bryant was spectacular in this game though , as he scored a game - high 28 points . Julius Randle was also great , as he recorded his first career triple - double in a 13 - point , 18 - rebound , 10 - assist outing . Jordan Clarkson was the only other notable line , as he scored 20 points . The Lakers will host the Washington Wizards on Sunday in their next game .
The Washington Wizards ( 36 - 37 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 58 ) 101 - 88 at Staples Center on Sunday . Washington ended a short , but important two game losing skid with an easy victory on the road , and are now 3 games back of the Detroit Pistons for the 8 - seed in the Eastern Conference . The Wizards played at a high speed pace , led by John Wall , who diced through the Lakers defense and took advantage of his matchup with D’Angelo Russell . Wall’s 22 points , 13 assists and five rebounds overshadowed his seven turnovers , which proved to be a non - issue seeing the double digit lead his team held for most of the game . The former No . 1 overall pick ran impressive sets with Marcin Gortat , who was on the receiving end of multiple flashy dimes , and turned in 16 points and 10 rebounds . The Lakers got into early foul trouble and ended up with a total of 26 team fouls , but the Wizards shot a poor 16 - of - 29 from the free throw line . Given the amount of times that Los_Angeles put Washington on the line , the 13 points loss could well have been a 20 - plus point blowout . D’Angelo Russell was no match defending Wall from getting to the rim , but he did equal his opponents scoring with 22 points of his own . Kobe Bryant has a handful of games left in his career , and the wear and tear of his 20th season reared it’s head a few times during the game . Bryant finished with 17 points , one rebound and two assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting , but also looked sloppy handling the ball at times , which he even recognized after checking himself out of the game . The Lakers will visit the Utah Jazz ( 36 - 37 ) on Monday , while the Wizards will head north to take on the Golden State Warriors ( 66 - 7 ) .
Kobe Bryant scored 60 points as the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 17 - 65 ) beat the Utah Jazz ( 40 - 42 ) in his farewell game , 101 - 96 . Bryant , who plans to retire after 20 NBA seasons , took a career - high 50 shots , making 22 field goals . He scored 38 in the second half as the Lakers overcame a 15 - point halftime deficit . The Lakers ' defense , which struggled all season , was surprsingly the key to the comeback , as it held the Jazz to just 39 points in the second half . The third - leading scorer in NBA history , Bryant became the oldest player to score 50 points in a game as he posted the fifth - highest scoring game of his career . Trey Lyles led the Jazz with 18 points , 11 rebounds and five steals . Gordon Hayward , who finished with 17 points , had the unfortunate task of covering Bryant . The Jazz were eliminated from the playoffs just before tip - off when the Houston Rockets beat the Sacramento Kings , the fourth consecutive season Utah has missed the playoffs . It marks the Jazz 's longest playoff drought since 1980 - 83 . With 12 points Jordan Clarkson was the only other player in double figures for the Lakers , who have missed the playoffs a franchise - high three straight seasons .
Orlando and Los_Angeles played in a tightly contested game consisting of 25 lead changes , and the Magic ended up needing everyone of them . Orlando won the game 101 - 99 after NIkola Vucevic hit a 20 footer as time expired . Vucevic sat out the previous three games with a bone bruise in his right knee . He did n't start the game as the Magic intended on easing him back into action . HIs knee is seemingly doing much better as he ended up playing 26 minutes and putting up 18 points ( 9 - 16 FG ) , five boards , two assists , one block , and one turnover . The Lakers were without Kobe Bryant as they opted to rest him on second half of a double - header . Without him , they spread the ball around , resulting in six players scoring in double figures . Roy Hibert led the way with 15 points , eight rebounds , four assists , and one block in 29 minutes . Los_Angeles will look to improve on their 1 - 7 record when they travel to Dallas Friday . Vucevic was n't the only stellar performer coming from Orlando 's bench . Due to Victor Oladipo forced to leave the game in the first quarter after suffering a concussion , Shabazz Napier played a season high 30 minutes . He led the team with 22 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 5 - 9 3PT , and 1 - 1 FT ) . The Magic welcome the Knicks into Orlando on Saturday .
Orlando defended their home court Wednesday versus Minnesota in a game that needed an extra quarter to determine the winner . After Elfrid Payton of the Magic stepped out of bounds with 6 seconds left in regulation up two points , Andrew Wiggins made them pay by sending it to overtime . However , Orlando held on thanks to Evan Fournier 's triple with three seconds left to seal the deal . The Timberwolves were led by Ricky Rubio , who nearly triple - doubled with eight points , 12 rebounds , 12 assists , and one steal in 34 minutes . It was Rubio 's second game back since missing four games due to a pulled hamstring . Orlando welcomed back Victor Oladipo back who had missed the previous two games due to a concussion . Unlike Rubio , Oladipo struggled mightily with only one point ( 0 - 6 FG , 0 - 2 3PT , 1 - 4 FT ) , three rebounds , two assists , one steal , and one block iin 20 minutes . To go along with the bucket that sent the game into overtime , Wiggins provided 28 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3PT , 12 - 14 FT ) , five rebounds , one assist , and two blocks in 28 minutes for Minnesota . Rookie sensation , Karl Anthony-Towns , continued the strong start to his rookie campaign with 21 points , 12 boards , and an impressive six blocks in 37 minutes . Zach Lavine and Kevin Martin also chipped in with dobule digits off the beanch with 14 and 12 points a piece . Minnesota will look to bounce back Friday when they welcome the Pistons to Minnesota . His game winning shot gave Evan Fournier a team high 26 points to go along with four rebounds , three assists , three steals , and five triples in 43 minutes . Elfrid Payton also filled up the stat sheet with 24 points , seven rebounds , six dimes , and four steals in 41 minutes . Tobias Harris was the only other Magic player to score in double digits with 12 points to go along with 11 rebounds . Orlando will look to carry their momentum into Saturday 's contest against Sacramento .
The Sacramento Kings ( 5 - 9 ) secured their fourth win in six games in Orlando Saturday night , defeating the Magic ( 6 - 7 ) 97 - 91 . All-NBA center DeMarcus Cousins continued a dominant string of performances , delivering 29 points and 12 rebounds along with a substantial defensive output of three steals and three blocks . The volatile Cousins was suspended for the Kings ' Thursday matchup against the Heat for a forearm punch to Hawks center Al Horford . Aside from that absence , however , Cousins has been on a tear since returning from an injured achilles , posting five double - doubles and logging two 35+ point games . While many predicted a reduced role for Sacramento point guard Rajon Rondo upon the return of backup Darren Collison , coach George Karl instead elected to trot the two guards out alongside one another in Orlando . Rondo , who has been averaging an NBA-leading 10 assists per game , saw a team - high 42 minutes in Orlando . It seems that Karl is committed to keeping the veteran point guard a major part of the Kings ' rotations . The story of the night for the Magic , meanwhile , was inconsistency behind the arc . The team shot just 29 percent from behind the three - point line , including 3 - for - 11 from shooting guard Evan Fournier . Orlando will hope to get back on track as they prepare for a difficult matchup against the conference - leading Cavs in Cleveland . Sacramento , on the other hand , has been picking up steam of late , and will hope to carry this momentum into their matchup against Charlotte on Monday .
The Orlando Magic ( 7 - 8 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 8 - 8 ) 100 - 91 on Wednesday . The Magic and Knicks played a very strange game on Wednesday , as both teams shot terribly , but did n't make many mistakes . In fact , Both teams shot below 40 percent from the field and the two teams combined for just 18 turnovers . Defense was clearly the focus for both teams , as the Knicks failed to record a fast - break point all game long . There were very little differences in the stat sheet and it simply came down to the fact that the Magic 's bench signicantly outplayed the Knicks bench . Orlando got 43 bench points to the Knicks 12 and that proved to be the difference . The Knicks came into this game as one of the hottest teams in the league , but struggled offensively in this matchup . This Scott Skiles defense stifled the Knicks , despite the fact that Carmelo Anthony and Jose Calderon scored season - highs in points . Anthony had his best game of the season statistically speaking , as he tallied 28 points and 13 rebounds in the loss . Calderon also had his best game in years , as he totaled 25 points , four assists and three rebounds in the defeat . It was the `` others '' who killed this team though , as no other player scored more than 10 points in the loss . It 's clear that this team plays better when Anthony takes less shots and that was the fact yet again on Wednesday . The Knicks will play the Miami Heat on Friday in their next scheduled game . The Magic made a strange move by relegating Victor Oladipo to the bench , but that proved to work wonders here . It 's unclear if it lit a fire under him or that he just played better in the second unit , but Oladipo had one of his best games of the season in that role . Oladipo scored a team - high 24 points off the bench and did that damage in just 26 minutes of action . Tobias Harris , Nikola Vucevic and Elfrid Payton all recorded double - doubles as well , and this was one of the best all - around team efforts the Magic have had all season . Orlando will look to play like this again when they take on the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
The Orlando Magic ( 15 - 11 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 17 ) 102 - 94 on Friday . The Trail_Blazers came into Friday 's contest with one of the worst defensive frontcourts in the NBA , surrendering a league - worst average of 22 points and 17 rebounds to opposing centers . This troubling trend for Portland was on full display Friday , with the Magic 's Nikola Vucevic tallying 25 points and 11 rebounds for his ninth double - double performance of the season . The Orlando center made a season - high 22 shot attempts , draining 12 of them for a solid 55 percentage from the field . Meanwhile , forward Tobias Harris pitched in with his own 25 - point double - double , and added 12 boards . Orlando completely dominated the contest down low , outscoring Portland by a resounding margin of 52 to 18 in the paint and outrebounding them 48 to 42 . Portland was led by a valiant effort from C.J. McCollum , who drained 11 of 19 shots on his way to a game - high 27 points . The third - year pro added six assists and a pair of rebounds . Backcourt mate Damian Lillard was solid as well , although he slogged through an atypical 4 - for - 15 shooting performance . Lillard did tally 19 points , but it was a total that was significantly supplemented by the nine free throw attempts that he successfully converted . Al-Farouq Aminiu had his most prolific scoring night in nearly two weeks with 16 points , an amount he reached with the help of a season - high four three - pointers . Allen Crabbe paced the Portland bench with the only other double - digit scoring effort on the team , amassing 14 points and adding four rebounds and an assist . The Trail_Blazers fell to 11 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Miami to face the Heat on Sunday . In addition to Vucevic 's and Harris ' outstanding efforts , Orlando also enjoyed the benefit of a stat - sheet - stuffing evening from point guard Elfrid Payton . The second - year pro managed 19 points , six rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block , while visiting the free throw line a season - high 17 times . Victor Oladipo was also outstanding off the bench , pouring 15 points and adding six assists , four rebounds , three steals and a block over a robust 35 minutes . The third - year pro was pressed into extended action after starting shooting guard Evan Fournier sustained a dislocated pinkie finger and thus was limited to only 22 minutes . The Magic improved to 15 - 11 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a date with the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday .
The Magic ( 18 - 13 ) pulled away in the second half to defeat the Pelicans ( 10 - 21 ) 104 - 89 at Amway Center on Monday . Orlando has found success the past month largely due to the effort of Nikola Vucevic , who posted a season - high 28 points on 14 - of - 21 shooting from the field while adding eight rebounds and seven assists over 37 minutes . The Magic shot 55 percent on the night and destroyed the Pelicans in the paint , but were also incredibly efficient from beyond the arc , shooting 7 - of - 17 . The Pelicans got a brief scare in the third quarter when All-Star Anthony Davis went to the locker room after receiving a knee to the groin area . Fortunately he was able to return and finished with a team - high 20 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 5 FT ) to go along with eight rebounds . The minor injury caused a down night by Davis 's standards as he had posted at least 24 points and 12 rebounds in his previous three contests . New_Orleans did however get a big effort from Norris Cole , who scored a season - high 17 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting with eight rebounds and three assists over 30 minutes . Behind Vucevic were a slew of contributors , including Evan Fournier , who had another nice game shooting the ball Monday . Fournier has hit at least two 3 - pointers in his past four games and is shooting 46 percent from downtown in his past five . The Magic have now won six of their past eight games and are in the thick of the Eastern Conference playoff race with a matchup against the Nets set for Wednesday in Orlando .
The Orlando Magic ( 19 - 13 ) outlasted the Brooklyn Nets ( 9 - 23 ) in a tight one Wednesday night at the Amway Center , 100 - 93 . It all came down to a wild fourth quarter which included three ties and five lead changes . A Tobias Harris layup with 16 seconds to go gave the Magic a 94 - 93 lead they would not relinquish . Nikola Vucevic led the Magic with 20 points on 9 - 18 shooting and added nine rebounds , including five on the offensive glass . The Magic pulled down 17 offensive rebounds as a team , the main reason they managed to escape with the win despite a 44 percent shooting night . Evan Fournier added 17 points and shot 3 - 8 from three - point land . Nets center Brook Lopez finished with game highs in points ( 24 ) and rebounds ( 15 ) as he earned his third consecutive double - double . Began Bogdanovic scored 20 points , but was part of the Nets’ struggles from three - point range , as he shot 1 - 6 from three and the team managed just 3 - 20 ( 15 percent ) . The Nets have won just two of their last 10 and finish a three - game road trip Saturday against Boston . The Magic have now won four of five and will try to stay hot New Year’s Day against the Wizards in Washington .
The Toronto Raptors ( 25 - 15 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 19 ) 106 - 103 in overtime on Thursday afternoon in London . When it was all said and done , the pair of guards who struggled throughout five periods bested the two with the hot hand . In an overtime thriller in London , DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry played as if they 'd left their shots back across the Atlantic , going a combined 9 - for - 39 from the field . Meanwhile , the Magic duo of Victor Oladipo and Evan Fournier caught fire , particularly in the second half , to drain 18 of their 31 field - goal attempts . However , despite a game - high 27 points , Oladipo could n't find the net when he needed it most , missing a 27 - foot three - point jumper with two seconds left that almost certainly would 've given the Magic a 98 - 96 victory . He then subsequently lost the handle on a drive to the basket with 2 seconds left in overtime as he attempted to tie the game at 105 , essentially sealing Orlando 's fate . Lowry did manage to lead the Raptors with 24 points despite the subpar shooting performance , as he was able to drain 12 of 14 attempts from the charity stripe . He also hauled in eight rebounds , dished out seven assists , and tallied a block and a steal . DeRozan contributed a modest 13 points , but was outstanding on the boards , posting a season - high 11 rebounds for his first double - double of the season . Jonas Valanciunas matched DeRozan 's scoring total and added nine boards , two assists , a steal and three blocks , two of which were key stuffs of Nikola Vucevic in the fourth quarter and overtime , respectively . Luis Scola put together a solid contribution of 11 points , two rebounds and three steals , while three Raptors reserves were highly efficient . Corey Joseph led the way with 19 points , four assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals over a robust 36 minutes , while Bismack Biyombo and Patrick Patterson pitched in with a pair of 11 - point outings . The latter 's scoring partly consisted of a trio of three - pointers , which tied him with Scola for the team lead in that category on the afternoon . The Raptors improved to 25 - 15 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to take on the Brooklyn Nets on Monday . Oladipo 's 27 points were supplemented by six rebounds , six assists and a pair of steals . Fournier was right on his heels with 21 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Nikola Vucevic posted a 17 - point , 11 - rebound double - double , which he complemented with four assists and three blocks . Tobias Harris nearly matched him point - for - point and board - for - board , tallying 16 on the scoreboard and hauling in 11 off the glass . He also dished out three assists and recorded a steal . Jason Smith was outstanding off the bench in the first half for Orlando with 16 points , but came up empty scoring - wise in the second half and the extra period . He did add five rebounds , four assists and a block . The Magic fell to 20 - 19 and remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They take the long trip back home to face off against the division - leading Atlanta Hawks on Monday .
The Orlando Magic ( 26 - 32 ) took care of the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 51 ) in a 130 - 116 win on Sunday . Orlando came into this game as a rare double - digit favorite and didn’t disappoint . They really took control in the first half , as the Magic led 77 - 51 at the half . The shooting was stellar for Orlando , as they shot 57 percent from the field , 88 percent from the free - throw line and 63 percent from three - point range . The Magic starters actually combined for over 100 points for the first time all season . Not much is going right for the Sixers right now , as this marks their eighth - straight loss . Jahlil Okafor had yet another good game though , as he scored 26 points in the loss . Ish Smith also had a nice game , as he tallied 17 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Philadelphia has a short turnaround , as they play the Washington Wizards on Monday . Orlando has one of their best offensive games of the season , even without Evan Fournier . Victor Oladipo and Nikola Vucevic tied for the team - lead with 28 points in the win . Aaron Gordon continued his good play , as he amassed 22 points , seven rebounds and three assists in the victory . Elfrid Payton got out of his recent slump , as he scored 11 points and dished out 10 assists in the win . Up next for the Magic is a date with the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 16 - 46 ) finally earned a win against the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 34 ) on Friday , winning 102 - 84 . Third year center Alex Len led the way for the Suns , who have had a major slide and now hold the third - worst record in the NBA . Len posted 31 points and 15 rebounds in one of his strongest outings of 2015 - 16 . Rookie Devin Booker , meanwhile , followed up a 34 - point outing on Thursday with 14 points , four rebounds , and six assists . The 19 - year - old has established himself as a premier rookie and an elite three - point shooter already , early in his stint in the NBA . The Suns earned their win in emphatic fashion , holding the Magic to just 35 percent from the field and out - rebounding the Magic 57 - 50 . The Magic , meanwhile , remain firmly out of the playoff picture , particularly after losing to the NBA 's coldest team . Sophomore Elfrid Payton led the team with 19 points while dishing 11 dimes . The rising star has been hot and cold lately , but continually shows flashes of star potential . Another prospect , rookie Mario Hezonja followed up a career - high on Wednesday with an efficient 12 points and four rebounds on Friday . The Croatian teenager was selected with the fifth pick in the 2015 draft . The Suns will travel to Memphis on Sunday , while the Magic will take on the league - best Warriors in Oakland on Monday .
The Orlando Magic ( 35 - 46 ) dispatched the Milwaukee Bucks ( 33 - 48 ) Monday night at Amway Center , 107 - 98 . Orlando never trailed as they jumped out to a 13 - point lead within the game 's first seven minutes . Magic center Dewayne Dedmon opened the game with a 60 run on his own and scored 12 points in the frame , after which Orlando owned a 32 - 22 lead . The Bucks trailed by 14 at halftime and although a late run brought it within four points late in the fourth quarter , it was n't enough to close the gap . Former Buck Ersan Ilyasova led Orlando with 22 points as he shot a blistering 10 - 13 from the floor and made both his three - point attempts . Elfrid Payton recorded adouble - double with 11 points and 11 assists , and Mario Hezonja scored 19 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 3PT ) , dished seven assists and swiped five steals . Dedmon finished with 17 points and added eight rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Orlando was outshot by the Bucks , but the Magic notched an absurd 19 steals and turned the ball over just 10 times themselves . Greg Monroe 's 23 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) for Milwaukee led all scorers . Jabari Parker ( 8 - 17 FG ) and Khris Middleton ( 6 - 11 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) dropped 17 points apiece , and Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 5 - 7 FG ) scored 11 points , grabbed nine rebounds , dished three assists and blocked three shots . Milwaukee shot 53 percent from the field but just 3 - 15 ( 20 percent ) from three - point land and committed fewer assists ( 18 ) than turnovers ( 23 ) . The Magic finish their season Wednesday in Charlotte against the Hornets . The Bucks close it out Wednesday at home against the Pacers .
The Toronto Raptors ( 40 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 2 - 2 ) 102 - 91 on Tuesday . This was a one - point game going into the final quarter , but the Raptors pulled away by winning the fourth quarter 28 - 18 in a defensive showcase . The biggest differential in the stat line was that the Raptors outscored the Mavericks in the paint 44 - 30 . With the Raptors ' strength being their backcourt , it was not a huge surprise to see the Mavericks struggle to contain Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan in this matchup , as both scored over 20 points in the victory . The Raptors added to one of their best starts in franchise history by limiting Dallas to 38 percent shooting from the field . The Raptors also outrebounded their opponent for a fourth straight game , and look poised to battle for the top spot in the Eastern Conference this season yet again . They have now won their four games by a combined 47 points and have three straight double - digit victories . Toronto , who was powered by double - doubles from Kyle Lowry and Luis Scola , will have a tough task trying to remain undefeated when they complete a back - to - back in Oklahoma City on Wednesday against the Thunder ( 3 - 1 ) . The Mavericks struggled to find their shot in this game , as the Raptors smothered them defensively . Dallas was led by Dirk Nowitzki , who finished with 18 points and seven rebounds in the loss . Forward Chandler Pasrsons played just 14 minutes in this game , as he is still working back to get to full strength after knee surgery in the summer . Now that Parsons , Deron Williams , and Wesley Matthews are all on the floor and healthy , the Mavericks look much more promising than they did a few weeks ago . They 'll look to bounce - back against the Charlotte Hornets ( 1 - 3 ) on Thursday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 6 ) 107 - 98 on Saturday . Dwight Powell continues to put together strong efforts for the Mavericks off the bench and has become a vital part of Dallas’ big man rotation . Powell tallied 15 points , seven rebounds , an assist , and a block over a highly efficient 26 minutes on the floor . It marked the third consecutive game Powell has posted double - digit scoring , and fourth time in six outings overall this season . Anthony Davis didn’t exactly duplicate his dominant double - double from Friday night ( 43 points , 10 rebounds ) , but did more than his share with 25 points , six rebounds , four assists , a steal and two blocks . However , as has often been the case this season , help from the rest of the starters was hard to come by . Eric Gordon , who’s been the Pelicans’ second most consistent source of scoring , did post his third consecutive performance with at least 20 points , amassing 21 points and chipping in five boards , four assists and a steal . Ryan Anderson turned in one of his typically solid nights off the bench , posting 21 points of his own over 35 minutes . With only fellow reserve Toney Douglas being the only other Pelican to reach double figures ( 11 points ) , New_Orleans remained winless despite having held a 48 - 42 halftime lead . The Pelicans dropped to 0 - 6 and reside in last place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They head home for another tilt with the Mavericks in New_Orleans on Tuesday . In addition to Powell’s solid contributions , several Dallas starters were able to post strong games to help the Mavs overtake and subsequently pull away from the Pelicans in the second half . Veterans Deron Williams ( 19 points ) posted his best scoring night to date in a Mavs uniform , and Dirk Nowitzki ( 18 points ) turned in an admirable performance against Anthony Davis . Wesley Matthews ( 13 points ) also reached a high - water mark in scoring with his new team , rounding out a balanced offensive effort for Dallas . The Mavs improve to 3 - 3 on the season and reside in second place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They now travel to New_Orleans for a Tuesday rematch on the Pelicans’ home court .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 8 ) 90 - 82 on Friday . Kobe Bryant had missed the last two games with a back injury and had originally been reported to be out of Friday 's contest as well . However , Bryant was healthy enough to take the floor after all , and posted his second - best scoring total of the season with 19 points on a season best 47 percent shooting . Bryant 's return sent Metta World_Peace back to the bench , where he failed to score over 17 minutes of action . The Lakers also received a team - best 21 points from Jordan Clarkson , which served as the young guard 's best game since his season - high 30 - point outburst versus the Nuggets on Nov. 3 . Rookie D'Angelo Russell tallied only nine points over 24 minutes , marking the third time in four games that he 's failed to score in double digits . Interestingly , Los_Angeles lost despite outrebounding the Mavericks 57 to 48 , led by Roy Hibbert and Julius Randle 's nine and 10 boards , respectively . Besides Bryant and Clarkson , backup guard Louis Williams was the only other Laker to hit double - digit points ( 10 ) . The Lakers fell to 1 - 8 and remain in last place in the Western Conference’s Pacific Division . They head home for a Sunday tilt versus the Pistons . The Mavericks benefited from an impressive double - double from offseason acquisition Zaza Pachulia , who posted 18 points and 16 rebounds . It was another forgettable performance for the Lakers ' frontcourt , who came into Friday night 's contest ranked last in scoring surrendered to opposing centers at an average of 25 points per game . Deron Williams supplemented Pachulia 's contributions with 13 points , seven rebounds , and three steals , while Dwight Powell pitched in with another highly efficient performance off the bench . Powell tallied 10 points , 12 rebounds , two assists , and a steal in just 22 minutes , and was the only other Dallas player with double - digit points . The Mavericks improved their record to 5 - 4 and move into second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They now travel to Houston for a Saturday night showdown with the Rockets .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 14 - 11 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 15 ) by a score of 104 - 94 , Monday night in Dallas . After a back and forth start , Dallas took the lead with about two minutes to go in the first quarter and did not look back . Phoenix put up a fight with a strong 36 point fourth quarter , but Dallas withstood the attack , scoring 27 points of their own , to stay on top . The Suns were playing on the second night of a back - to - back and their shooting percentage indicates that they may have been a bit fatigued , as they shot only 41 percent from the field as a team . Eric Bledsoe led the way for the Suns , doing it all with 23 points , seven assists , five rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Unfortunately , he did not have too much help other than from Jon Leuer , who finished with 15 points and 13 rebounds , as well as three assists and one steal , in 32 minutes . Brandon Knight added 12 points on 5 - 11 shooting , four rebounds and three assists . Markieff Morris remained out for Phoenix . Dallas really took control when they outscored Phoenix 31 - 15 in the third quarter , stretching their lead to 19 , heading into the fourth . Deron Williams was back after missing last game due to illness and was looking great . Williams led the Mavs in scoring with 18 points on 8 - 16 shooting , in 34 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for the Mavericks , including Raymond Felton and Chandler Parsons , who both finished with 17 points . Dirk Nowitzki showed well , with 14 points on 5 - 10 shooing , seven rebounds and four assists , in 29 minutes . Wesley Matthews chipped in 13 points and five rebounds , while Devin Harris added 12 points and a huge six steals . Next up for the Mavericks is a date in Indiana with the Pacers , on Wednesday . The Suns will head to Golden State to play on Wednesday as well .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 12 ) beat the Memphis Grizzlies ( 14 - 14 ) 97 - 88 thanks to some stifling second - half defense on Friday . These are two teams that are going in opposite directions right now and this result proves that fact . Dallas outplayed Memphis in nearly every facet , as they outshot , outrebounded and outassisted the Grizzlies . They held Memphis to just 39 points in the second half and 37 percent shooting throughout the game . Memphis has had one of the worst offenses in the NBA this season and that certainly didn’t improve on Friday . They had just 13 assists and made only 30 baskets in a dreadful game . Since moving Zach Randolph to the bench , things have only gotten worse in Memphis and more moves may be on the horizon . Mike Conley led the team with 20 points scored and Marc Gasol put in a 16 - point , eight - rebound effort . The Grizzlies will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Indiana Pacers . The Mavericks had a spark about them tonight and showed Memphis how tides are changing in the West . There were some fun moments , as Dirk Nowitzki turned back the clock to dunk and record a block in this game . The team recorded an amazing 27 assists on 34 made baskets and that emphasizes how good their ball movement was tonight . Zaza Pachulia had yet another double - double , as he snatched 10 points and 18 rebounds in the win . The most encouraging sign here was the effort by Chandler Parsons , who accumulated 16 points , seven rebounds and seven assists in 31 minutes of play . Dallas will have a few days off until they play the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday in their next fixture .
The host Dallas Mavericks ( 17 - 13 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 16 - 12 ) by a score of 118 - 111 , on Saturday night . The game was a back - and - forth nail - biter , which featured 15 lead changes and was tied 108 - 108 with 2:54 left in the game . Dallas grinded out the last few minutes with some solid defense , including a big steal which led to a basket that put them up by four with 50 seconds left . The Bulls then gave up an unforced turnover on a five - second inbound violation that destroyed their chance of victory . Chicago came into this game after a solid win on Christmas day and while they are still missing two big pieces in Joakim Noah and Mike Dunleavy , being short - handed on this second night of a back - to - back could be part of the reason why they collapsed late in the fourth . Five players scored in double digits for the Bulls . The high - point man was Derrick Rose , who finished with 25 points ( 12 - 20 FG ) , five rebounds and four assists , in 36 minutes . Nikola Mirotic poured in 23 points on strong 6 - 10 shooting from the field ( 4 - 7 3PT , 7 - 11 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , three blocks , two steals and one assist , in 40 minutes . Pau Gasol finished with 18 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) , nine rebounds , three assists and three blocks , in 38 minutes . The Bulls starters were forced to play a lot of minutes in this one , which again could have affected their play late in the game . Chicago did however shoot a strong 53 percent from the field . Dallas also had six players score in double digits . J.J. Barea had a fantastic game filling in at starting PG for the injured Deron Williams . Barea finished with 26 points , while shooting a brilliant 7 - 8 from behind the arc , along with five assists , in 32 minutes . Chandler Parsons dropped in 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , five rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 35 minutes off the bench . Zaza Pachulia tallied a solid double - double with 17 points and 12 rebounds , in 29 minutes . The Mavericks shot 48 percent from long range and hit 22 - 28 free throws . With this win Dallas is now 6 - 6 against the East . Next Dallas will host Milwaukee on Monday and look to go above .500 against the pesky East . The Bulls will have their hands full once again , as they host Toronto on Monday for what should be a great Eastern Conference battle .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 15 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 14 - 21 ) 117 - 116 in double overtime Tuesday . Through three - plus quarters , the stage appeared set for a hard - fought Mavericks victory . Dallas held a 68 - 60 advantage heading into the final period , and was looking to put away a Kings team playing its third game in four nights and coming off a challenging contest versus the high - octane Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday . However , Sacramento crawled its way back on the strength of rousing fourth - quarter performances from Marco Belinelli , Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins to tie the game at 96 with 13 seconds remaining on a Belinelli 23 - foot three - point basket . After Deron Williams sank a jumper with two seconds left in regulation , Dallas appeared to have sealed the win . However , a driving layup by DeMarcus Cousins at the buzzer sent the game into its first extra period . After an initial overtime that saw both teams fail to score after Dirk Nowitzki tied matters up at 104 with 30 seconds remaining , they battled through a second extra period , with the Kings taking a 116 - 109 advantage with 1:20 on the clock . Despite the steep deficit , the home team fought back to score the final eight points , capped off by Wiliams ' own 23 - foot trey at the buzzer to send the Mavs home as weary victors . Sacramento was led by Cousins ' second monster performance in as many nights . He tallied a game - high 35 points , and added 17 rebounds , four assists , six steals and a block . Gay was outstanding in his own right , managing 31 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Darren Collison acquitted himself well in subbing for the injured Rajon Rondo ( back ) , posting a 14 - point , 12 - assist double - double , and supplementing it with four rebounds and a pair of steals . Quincy Acy turned in an efficient performance at power forward , collecting 12 points and six boards . Belinelli made some clutch baskets , and contributed 14 points , nine rebounds and three assists to pace the Kings ' bench . The Kings fell to 14 - 21 and remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head home to face the Lakers on Thursday . Williams shook off an ailing hamstring to lead Dallas with 25 points . He also handed out four assists , while hauling in a pair of rebounds and tallying a pair of steals . Nowitzki pitched in with 23 points , five rebounds and three assists , while Wesley Matthews was sharp from the field , amassing 20 points and adding three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Zaza Pachulia managed only nine points and was the sole Mavs starter that failed to tally double - digit scoring , but he brought down an impressive 17 rebounds and collected five steals . Chandler Parsons had to leave the game after 29 minutes with a hip injury , but managed 10 points and six rebounds during his time on the court . JaVale McGee was outstanding off the bench over just 17 minutes , posting a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . The Mavericks improved to 20 - 15 and remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to New Orleans to face the Pelicans on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 22 ) took down the struggling Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 35 ) on Friday , 91 - 79 . The Mavericks have remained solidly in the Western Conference playoff picture despite losing multiple starters to free agency this offseason . Dallas has been boosted by small forward Chandler Parsons ' return from injury . Parsons led the team with 19 points against Brooklyn while also pulling down 10 rebounds . Georgian center Zaza Pachulia , whose campaign for the NBA All-Star game nearly landed him a starting nod , also notched a double - double , recording 16 points and 12 rebounds . The Nets hold the third - worst record in the NBA , and do not hold their own draft pick next year ( Boston received Brooklyn 's unprotected 2016 pick as part of a previous trade ) . Despite these negatives , the team has seen bright play from Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young in the frontcourt . Lopez led the game with 28 points and grabbed 12 rebounds , while Young posted an 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double while grabbing five steals . Brooklyn will travel to New Orleans on Saturday to take on the Pelicans . Meanwhile , Dallas will play host to Phoenix on Sunday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 42 - 8 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 25 ) 116 - 90 on Friday . This game got out of hand early . San_Antonio led 62 - 26 at halftime and dominated in nearly every statistic . Most notably was the shooting , as the Spurs hit 51 percent of their shots , while the Mavericks made 45 percent of theirs . Dallas actually scored 64 points in the second half , so those numbers look much better than they actually were . The turnover differential was huge as well , with San_Antonio nearly doubling them up in that stat at the half . The three - point shooting killed Dallas , as they went 3 - for - 15 with the Spurs going 12 - for - 22 on their end . San_Antonio has had many of these garbage time games and it shows just how powerful this Spurs team is . Kawhi Leonard led the team with 23 points and did that in under 27 minutes of play . LaMarcus Aldridge continued his recent strong play , as he double - doubled in the blowout . The bench scored 58 points in the win and brought eight players off the pine . The rest for the starters was good news , as the Spurs play the second half of a back - to - back on Saturday against the Los Angeles Lakers . Dallas has been competitive in nearly every game this season , but this was not one of those games . The Mavericks bench nearly doubled up the scoring of the starters , as mop - up time started very early . No player on the team scored more than 13 points , with Justin Anderson and Charlie Villanueva tying foe the team - lead . Luckily for Dallas , they play again on Saturday against the Memphis Grizzlies and can forget about this game as soon as possible .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 27 ) decimated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 47 ) 129 - 103 on Sunday . The stat sheet belied the severity of the beating that Dallas handed out , as Philadelphia actually shot a solid 48 percent from the field overall and outperformed the Mavs from three - point range , 43 percent to 38 percent . The Sixers even managed to keep their league - worst turnover rate under control , handing the ball to Dallas a modest 15 times on the night . However , after Philadelphia surprised the Mavs out of the gate with a 30 - point first quarter , the home team took a lead they would never relinquish on the strength of winning the second quarter by a margin of 38 - 24 . Dallas countered Jahlil Okafor 's career - high 31 points by having four members of the first unit tally double - digit scoring , and the remaining starter , Zaza Pachulia , haul in double - digit boards . The point total represented a season high for Dallas , and it was also their largest margin of victory on the campaign . Okafor supplemented his scoring with eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Robert Covington was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , amassing 14 points , five boards and a steal . Isaiah Canaan actually provided the second - best point tally on the night for Philadelphia while pacing the reserves , as he recorded 15 points , a rebound and an assist . Starters Ish Smith and Nerlens Noel particularly underwhelmed , with the former managing only three points , three assists and a rebound , and the latter supplying four points , five boards , two assists , a steal and a block . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home for their next contest , against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . Dallas ' cavalcade of productive offensive outings was led by a resurgent performance from the oft - maligned Wesley Matthews , who contributed 21 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists . Dirk Nowitzki reached the 29,0 - point milestone for his career , and totaled 18 points , seven rebounds , a pair of assists and a steal . Chandler Parsons and Deron Williams were next in line with a pair of 15 - point efforts . Parsons added four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block , while Williams dished out eight dimes and brought in three rebounds . Zaza Pachulia registered a modest nine points , but added 10 boards , an assist and a steal . With the eventual comfortable second - half lead , the bench got in on the act as well . J.J. Barea paced the reserves with 12 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal , while Raymond Felton pitched in 10 points , four boards , an assist , three steals . In all , the Mavs ' second unit totaled a robust 51 points in the blowout . Dallas remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted as the sixth seed in the conference as well . They 're off until Wednesday , when they 'll face off with the Oklahoma City Thunder in a high - octane showdown at home .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 35 - 35 ) steamrolled the Portland Trailblazers ( 36 - 35 ) in the overtime period on Sunday , leading to a 132 - 120 win . Dallas veteran Dirk Nowitzki led the game with 40 points . It was a new season high for the Dallas legend , whose 40 points led play - by - play commentator Mark Followill to proclaim `` he still is and always will be Dirk Nowitzki . '' The sixth - leading scorer of all time tacked on yet another big performance to a list of many , going 16 - for - 26 from the field with three three - pointers . The team as a whole shot a stunning 55 percent from the field including 15 - for - 25 from three - point territory . In addition to Nowitzki 's vintage performance , point guard Deron Williams boasted an impressive stat line of 31 points and 16 assists . The second unit kept things going for the Mavs , with center Salah Mejri dominating for 13 points , 14 rebounds , and a whopping six blocks . Dallas 's hopes for a higher seed will remain alive after Sunday 's contest , as the team remains in a tight race between the sixth , seventh , and eighth place teams in the West . Portland also saw an impressive performance from a big man , as center Mason Plumlee pulled down a massive 19 rebounds . The young Duke alum was simply unstoppable on the boards , pulling down 10 rebounds on the offensive end alone . The star backcourt of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum had a typical strong showing , scoring 26 and 22 respectively . The team had a poor shooting night on the whole , however , going just 40 percent from the floor . The two teams will meet again on Wednesday in what should be an important matchup for the Western Conference playoff picture .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 37 - 38 ) held off the New_York Knicks ( 30 - 46 ) for a 91 - 89 win on Wednesday . This game meant much more to the Mavericks than Knicks and they were lucky to escape with a victory . They really won it in the fourth , as they held the Knicks to 15 points and scored 24 of their own . The key for Dallas was the defense , as they forced New_York to commit 20 turnovers in their much needed win . New_York had to play this game without Kristaps Porzingis and nearly walked away with a big road win . Carmelo Anthony was spectacular once again , as he accumulated 31 points , seven rebounds and three steals in the defeat . Derrick Williams was the only other Knick in double figures , as he scored 15 points and grabbed eight boards . Up next for New_York is a matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Friday . This win keeps the Mavericks playoff hopes alive , but it 's indicative of their recent form . J.J. Barea gave one of his best performances of his career , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Wesley Matthews led all starters with 16 points and also provided four assists and three steals in the win . The Mavericks will look to keep their playoff hopes alive on Friday against the Detroit Pistons .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 5 - 13 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 10 ) 94 - 91 on Tuesday . Brook Lopez has been the one dependable source of offense for the Nets in a dismal first quarter of the 2015 - 16 campaign . Brooklyn 's big man has tallied double - digit points in every game , and was the top scoring center in the league entering Tuesday 's contest ( 20 points per game ) . Lopez spearheaded the offensive cause once again versus the Suns , collecting 23 points and adding six rebounds , two assists and a block . Even on a night where frontcourt partner - in - crime Thaddeus Young had a down game by his standards , Lopez demonstrated the ability to once again put the offense on his shoulders and carry the Nets to a second consecutive victory . The visiting Suns enjoyed solid performances from three of their starters , but saw a couple of their more talented scorers trudge through poor performances . Brandon Knight scored a game - high 26 points , and added seven rebounds and four assists . It marked the Phoenix point guard 's third game in the last four where he 's totaled 21 points or more . Backcourt mate Eric Bledsoe had a quiet first half , but came on in the third and fourth quarters to finish with 17 points , seven assists , a a pair of rebounds and four steals . Meanwhile , Alex Len turned in an outstanding performance while making his second start in place of Tyson Chandler ( hamstring ) , posting a 13 - point , 14 - rebound double - double , and filling out the stat sheet with a pair of assists , a pair of steals and three blocks . However , starting power forward Markieff Morris and high - usage reserve T.J. Warren could only muster six - point performances each , leaving a sizable void in the Suns ' offensive effort . Mirza Teletovic did post another strong outing to lead the Suns ' bench , collecting 12 points and five rebounds in his third consecutive game with double - digit points . The Suns fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Detroit to face the Pistons on Wednesday . Jarrett Jack supported Lopez as the only other double - digit scorer in Brooklyn 's starting five , stuffing the stat sheet with 11 points , eight assists , four rebounds and three steals . The last swipe was the most timely of the three , as Jack was able to take the ball from Knight as time expired to prevent the Suns ' point guard from attempting a game - tying three - point shot . Young pitched in eight points , four rebounds and a pair of assists for only his second single - digit scoring night of the entire season . Impressive rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( eight points ) and veteran Joe Johnson ( nine points ) made modest contributions , although the former did add nine rebounds . Shane Larkin and Wayne Ellington paced the Brooklyn bench with a pair of 11 - point efforts , and made key contributions in the victory by scoring six and seven , respectively , in the final period . The Nets improved to 5 - 13 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 've now won four straight home games and make the short trip to face the Knicks on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 220 ) did not surprise anybody as they beat the Brooklyn Nets ( 5 - 15 ) by a score of 114 - 98 on Sunday evening , in Brooklyn . Brooklyn led 76 - 72 with two minutes left in the third quarter and for a couple of minutes allowed people to wonder if they would be the ones to stop the Warriors . However , Golden_State out - scored Brooklyn 42 - 22 the rest of the way , building up to a decisive victory . Thaddeus Young led the Nets in scoring and rebounding with a huge double - double , consisting of 25 points on 11 - 19 shooting and 14 rebounds . Brook Lopez finished with 18 points , eight rebounds , three assists , one steal and one blocked shot , in 27 minutes . Shane Larkin pitched in 13 points , six assists and four steals , in 27 minutes off the bench . The Nets as a team shot only 43 percent from the field and went 15 - 23 from the free throw line . Golden_State was up to business as usual ; led by Stephen Curry who finished with a game - high 28 points on 11 - 17 shooting , including 5 - 9 from deep , along with five rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson chipped in 21 points , three assists and three rebounds , while Draymond Green finished with 22 points , seven assists and nine rebounds . The Warriors shot a strong 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from long range . Harrison Barnes was not active . The Warriors will continue their road trip by dropping in at Indiana on Tuesday . Brooklyn will host Houston on Tuesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 6 - 15 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 10 - 12 ) 110 - 105 on Tuesday . After a roller coaster first 18 games of the season , the Rockets had finally started to build some momentum as of late , coming into Tuesday having won three straight games . However , the recent positive vibes were extinguished in a mistake - laden performance against the Nets . James Harden turned in a particularly disappointing outing , finishing with a season - low 10 points , his fewest since a nine - point effort last February against the Clippers . The All-Star guard also turned the ball over seven times , equaling his second - highest total on the season in that category . Although he was an effective ball distributor Tuesday - - handing out nine assists on the night - - Harden seemed to hurt more than help by not being aggressive offensively , especially after the Rockets lost Trevor Ariza to a bruised lower back in the first quarter . Corey Brewer and Marcus Thornton were the principal beneficiaries of Ariza 's absence , totaling 34 and 26 minutes off the bench , respectively . The former posted a season - high 22 points ( including a season - high four three - pointers ) , along with three rebounds , two assists and three steals . Thornton also managed his best scoring night of the season , amassing 32 points on a season - best 12 field goals and 67 percent shooting from the field . Patrick Beverely and Dwight Howard joined Harden in providing a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the latter coming a rebound short of a double - double . Clint Capela pitched in with a modest six points and nine rebounds . Houston fell to 10 - 12 and currently resides in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They face the Wizards in Washington in the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday . The Nets were led by their outstanding frontcourt duo of Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young , which has often been the case this season , but received strong efforts from their entire starting five . Lopez pitched in with 24 points , eight rebounds , and an impressive five blocks . It was the Nets ' big man 's sixth contest with over 20 points over the last eight games . Meanwhile , Young managed his best night of the year from the field , draining 10 - of - 13 shot attempts ( 77 percent ) to post 20 points . By adding 12 rebounds ( along with five assists ) , the veteran tallied his fifth double - double in the last six games . The venerable Joe Johnson also had an outstanding night , equaling a season - high 22 points . Bojan Bogdanovic , making his second start in place of injured rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( ankle ) , provided 19 points and five rebounds . The second - year pro also sank a season - best three buckets from beyond the arc , an encouraging sign given Bogdanovic 's struggles with his long - range shot so far in the 2015 - 16 campaign . Jarret Jack closed out an excellent night for Brooklyn 's front line by pitching in 10 points and nine assists . The Nets improved to 6 - 15 and reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a matchup with the last - place Sixers on Thursday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 15 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 22 ) 100 - 91 on Thursday for their second consecutive home victory . The story of the game turned out to be the two teams ' big men , who both put together atypical performances as compared to their recent efforts . Sixers center Jahlil Okafor had endured a rough last two weeks , posting three lackluster performances before serving a two - game suspension earlier this month for off - the - court scuffles on Thanksgiving Eve . He then was relegated to the bench in his first game back Monday , and shot 3 - for - 14 from the field during an embarassing 119 - 68 beatdown at the hands of the Spurs . Thursday , Okafor came back with a vengeance , responding with a 22 - point , 10 - rebound double - double over 31 minutes . Meanwhile , Lopez got into foul trouble and therefore was limited to just 19 minutes , leading to his worst overall outing of the season . The eight - year veteran was held to single - digit scoring for the first time in the 2015 - 16 campaign , posting seven points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block during his limited time on the court . Okafor was actually the only starter for the visitors that was able to tally double - digit points , as the majority of support he received came from the bench in the form of T.J. McConnell and Richaun Holmes . McConnell collected 17 points and added a rebound , an assist and three steals , while Holmes managed double - digit scoring for the third time in the last four games ( 14 points ) . Nerlens Noel and Robert Covington could only pitch in a pair of six - point efforts , while Isaiah Canaan struggled through a 2 - for - 10 shooting night on the way to only four points . The one other bright spot in the starting five was Tony Wroten , who continued his comeback from January knee surgery by posting a season - high nine points , along with four rebounds , a pair of assists and a steal over 17 minutes . It was the third time in his three games this season that Wroten has increased his time on the court , as he works his way back to a starter 's allotment of minutes . The Sixers dropped to 1 - 22 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the league . They head home for a date with the Detroit Pistons on Friday . The Nets used a 30 - 19 fourth quarter to come back from a 74 - 70 deficit entering the period . With Lopez spending large chunks of time on the bench , it was veteran big man Andrea Bargnani , making his return from a four - game absence due to a hamstring injury , that posted a season - high and game - high 23 points . Bargnani added six rebounds and an assist over a highly productive 23 minutes . Thaddeus Young was solid once again despite being without his customary frontcourt mate for a large part of the game , collecting his fourth consecutive double - double with 18 points and 11 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic pitched in with his second consecutive double - digit scoring game , amassing 10 points , three rebounds , and three assists , along with another pair of his trademark three - pointers . Like fellow reserve Bargnani , Shane Larkin also made significant contributions off the bench , tallying 14 points , six assists , four rebounds and a steal over an efficient and stat - sheet - stuffing 27 minutes . Brooklyn improved to 7 - 15 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a Saturday afternoon showdown against the Clippers .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 16 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 20 ) by a score of 100 - 85 , Sunday afternoon in Brooklyn . Minnesota looked like the stronger team the whole way and headed into the fourth quarter up by 10 . The Nets gave up a troublesome 14 turnovers as a team and also struggled to shoot the ball , going 41 percent from the field . Brook Lopez had a strong game and continued to be the man for his team , as he finished with 20 points and 12 rebounds , along with five assists and two blocked shots in 39 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic chipped in 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals in 37 minutes . Thaddeus Young put up a solid 12 points and eight rebounds , in 33 minutes . The Timberwolves were looking confident and shot a strong 47 percent from the field as a team , but struggled from behind the arc , going 3 - 12 . Two players finished with double - doubles for the Wolves , including rookie Karl-Anthony Towns who finished with an impressive 24 points and 10 rebounds , in 28 minutes . Gorgui Dieng chipped in 20 points and 10 rebounds , in 36 long minutes off the bench . Ricky Rubio dished an impressive 15 assists , grabbed four steals and also dropped eight points of his own , in 27 minutes . Next up the Wolves will head to Boston for the second game of a back - to - back , on Monday night . Brooklyn will also face the second night of a back - to - back on Monday , as they will be visiting Chicago
The Dallas Mavericks ( 16 - 13 ) won an overtime thriller Wednesday , 119 - 118 , against the host Brooklyn Nets ( 8 - 21 ) on an historic night for Dirk Nowitzki . Nowitzki passed Shaquille O'Neal to move into sixth place on the NBA 's career scoring list , scoring 22 points for 28,609 in his career . But it was the final two that were most important . With 19 seconds remaining in overtime and trailing 118 - 117 , Nowitzki hit a layup to provide the Mavericks with the winning margin . The Mavericks held a 108 - 105 lead with six seconds remaining in regulation when Thaddeus Young drained a 25 - foot three - pointer to tie it . Young then blocked J.J. Barea 's final attempt to force overtime . Young finished with a season - high 29 points , while Barea scored a career - high 32 points to lead the Mavericks . He added a season - high 11 assists .
The Orlando Magic ( 20 - 17 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 26 ) 83 - 77 on Friday . Ever since he regained a spot in the starting lineup at point guard in Elfrid Payton 's stead three games ago , Victor Oladipo has played with a renewed vigor and confidence.The talented guard has now posted 18 , 20 and 20 points , respectively , over those three contests , while shooting an outstanding 60 percent from the field during that span . Oladipo was stellar again Friday , sharing the team lead with 20 points and adding nine rebounds , a pair of assists , three steals and a block . Considering his recent performances , the Magic will certainly have a good problem on their hands upon Payton 's return to health from his ankle injury , as they 'll be faced with trying to get a talented backcourt trio that also includes Evan Fournier sufficient playing time . Nikola Vucevic was Oladipo 's co - leading scorer on the night with a 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , a pair of steals and a block . Unsurprisingly , the productive outing came against a Nets defense that has allowed the most points per game ( 22 ) to opposing centers this season . Fournier made it three starters with double - digit scoring by tallying 13 points , which he supplemented with three assists , a rebound and a pair of steals . Aaron Gordon had an efficient 14 - point , five - rebound effort off the bench over 23 minutes to lead the Orlando reserves . The Magic improved to 20 - 17 and are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home to face the Wizards on Saturday . The Nets ' ninth straight home loss was due in large part to the suffocating defense of an Orlando unit ranked in the top 10 in points allowed per game ( 99 ) . They stymied Brooklyn across the board , with Brook Lopez serving as the top scorer with a modest 17 points . He added eight rebounds , a steal and a block . Joe Johnson continued his solid offensive play of late with a serviceable 13 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Shane Larkin and Thaddeus Young were able to contribute 12 and 11 points , respectively , with the former also pitching in four rebounds , three assists and a steal , and the latter hauling in nine boards and matching Larkin 's production in the other categories . Bojan Bogdanovic was notably held to two points , while Wayne Ellington scored eight to pace the Brooklyn bench . The Nets fell to 10 - 26 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Saturday night .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 28 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 20 - 21 ) 110 - 104 on Wednesday . The Nets secured their first victory under interim head coach Tony Brown - - and broke a 10 - game home losing streak - - with some uncharacteristic offense that included a late 10 - 2 run . Brooklyn had astoundingly failed to reach 90 points in four straight games coming into Wednesday , and had not even managed to hit the 80 - point mark in three of those contests . Meanwhile , New_York came in sporting a Top 10 - ranked defensive unit in terms of points allowed , but did learn shortly before game time that superstar Carmelo Anthony would sit out with the ankle sprain that had caused him to leave Tuesday 's showdown with the Celtics early . Despite an outstanding performance from Derrick Williams off the bench that helped make up for a large part of the points Anthony took with him to the bench , it was a resurgent Nets squad that got key contributions from a combination of starters and reserves that helped key the win . Williams did lead the visitors with a season - high 31 - point performance , his best outing since he amassed the same total versus the Mavericks back on December 9 , 2013 while a member of the Sacramento Kings . He also added seven rebounds and a pair of steals over 32 action - packed minutes . Arron Afflalo continued his solid stretch of shooting with 18 points on an 8 - for - 16 effort from the field . He also hauled in three rebounds and added two assists . Jose Calderon made it a productive night for the Knicks backcourt with 16 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . The frontcourt was n't bad either , beginning with rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis , who tallied a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double despite only shooting 5 - for - 17 from the field . Robin Lopez also put together a solid game versus his brother Brook , tallying nine points and 12 boards . The Knicks fell to 20 - 21 and are now in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Memphis to face off with the Grizzlies on Saturday . Brooklyn 's attack was , as customary , spearheaded by Brook Lopez , who put up 20 points , eight rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block in an inspired performance against his brother , Robin . The most encouraging effort of the night however , may have been that of Thaddeus Young . Mired in a slump over recent games , Young bounced back with an outstanding 19 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included a trio of assists and a trio of steals . It was the first double - double over the last five games for Young , who 'd made such performances the norm at one point earlier in the season . Veteran Joe Johnson stuffed the stat sheet with 14 points , seven rebounds , six assists and a steal . Brown also decided to give the starting backcourt of Wayne Ellington and Donald Sloan an opportunity at redemption after a lackluster first game together , and they responded with slightly better production . The former managed 10 points , a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists , while the latter provided eight points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . However , Sloan was outplayed by the man he usurped for the starting point guard spot , Shane Larkin , as he paced the Nets ' bench with 17 points , five assists and a pair of rebounds over 25 minutes . The Nets improved to 11 - 28 and continue entrenched in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a Friday night match - up against the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 33 ) snapped a six - game losing streak on Sunday with a 116 - 106 win over the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 33 - 13 ) . The win coincidentally ended a seven - game win streak for OKC . Brooklyn sits at fourteenth in the Eastern Conference , leading only the league - worst Philadelphia 76ers ; however , they were able to come away with a win against one of the association 's stronger teams on Sunday . The Nets have been skidding all season , seeing coach Lionel Hollins fired and GM Billy King tender his resignation . On Sunday , they ended a slough of tough losses , advancing their record to 8 - 17 at home on the season . Star big man Brook Lopez caught fire on Sunday , pouring in a team - high 31 points while pulling down 10 rebounds . OKC defensive anchor Steven Adams sat out Sunday 's contest with an injured right elbow , allowing Lopez to take advantage of the defensive shortcomings of backup Enes Kanter . Lopez was aided , however , by the hustle of power forward Thaddeus Young . The veteran pulled down seven offensive rebounds and 14 boards in total , also notching 14 points , three assists , a block , and a steal . For Oklahoma_City , the loss comes as a bit of a shock considering the tear that the team had found itself on . The Thunder boast the third - best record in the NBA , trailing only the historically good Warriors and Spurs . For Oklahoma_City 's dynamic duo of superstars , Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant , it was business as usual on Sunday . The two combined for 59 points , 22 rebounds , and 14 assists . Both players were named starters for the Western Conference in this year 's All-Star game earlier this week . However , outside of the superstar tandem , only two Thunder players cracked double - digit scoring , recording 10 points apiece . OKC was edged out at the line and on the glass , as they allowed the Nets to pull down 18 offensive boards and 49 in total . The Thunder will try not to let the loss affect them as they travel to Madison Square Garden on Tuesday to take on the Knicks . The Nets , meanwhile , will play host to the Miami Heat on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons earned an Eastern Conference road win Monday at Barclays Center as they defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 105 - 100 . The Pistons took a 10 - point lead in the third quarter and looked poised to run away with it , but the Nets bench led by Andrea Bargnani put the Nets back on top early in the fourth quarter . It remained tight throughout the fourth quarter , as neither team managed more than a five - point lead at any point in the period , but Detroit 's one - two punch of Andre Drummond and Reggie Jackson proved to be too tough for the Nets . Drummond finished with his third double - double in his past four games as he scored a team - high 21 points and grabbed a game - high 18 rebounds , including seven on the offensive end . Jacksom scored 19 and dished out six assists , and Ersan Ilyasova and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 16 apiece . The Pistons shot poorly ( 43 percent ) but used a ridiculous 19 offensive rebounds to keep their offense from going stagnant . Brook Lopez was ultra - efficient , as he scored a game - high 27 points on 13 - 19 shooting and grabbed five rebounds . Bargnani scored 18 off the bench on 7 - 12 shooting , but Wayne Ellington ( 4 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3PT ) was the only other Nets player to reach double - digits with 11 . The Nets shot 49 percent from the floor , well above the Pistons ' mark , but thanks to their work on the glass , Detroit took 16 more field goals ( 98 ) than Brooklyn ( 82 ) , and that proved to be the difference in the game . The Pistons will continue their east coast road trip Wednesday in Boston . The Nets will continue their homestand with a Wednesday game against the Pacers .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 31 - 22 ) defeated the host Brooklyn Nets ( 14 - 40 ) 109 - 90 , on Wednesday night at Barclays Center . The Grizzlies did not let the disappointing news regarding Marc Gasol get to them as they trounced the Nets , leading to their third straight victory when playing on the road . Gasol was diagnosed with a fractured right foot after injuring it last Monday , and will likely miss the rest of the season . Nonetheless Memphis had players step up in this one , with seven scoring in double figures . The game started off back and forth with 12 lead changes before Memphis took the lead for the final time , with nine minutes to go in the second quarter . The Nets averaged 108 at home coming into this game but were held well below that by a tenacious Memphis squad . Mike Conley led the Grizzlies with 20 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , five assists and four rebounds , in 29 minutes , while Jeff Green tallied 18 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , four rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 29 minutes off the bench . Zach Randolph started at center , in place of Gasol . Randolph finished with 15 points , six assists , three rebounds , three steals and one blocked shot , in 27 minutes . The Grizzlies had nine players log 20 or more minutes and all of those players contributed more than five points and at least three rebounds or assists . They also shot an impressive 53 percent from the field . Brook Lopez led the Nets with 20 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) , four rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 30 minutes . After hitting a huge game - winner the other night Joe Johnson went scoreless in this one , however Wayne Ellington was very efficient , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting from the field , including 4 - of - 5 from deep , in 24 minutes . Thaddeus Young neared a double - double as he finished with 10 points and nine rebounds , in 25 minutes . The Nets gave up a troublesome 22 turnovers , leading to 25 points for Memphis . The Nets will look to get back in the win column after the All-Star break , as they host their cross - town rivals , the Knicks , on February 19th . Thanks to this win the Grizzlies will be able to retain their position at fifth in the West , heading into the All-Star break . They will be hosting the Timberwolves on February 19th , after the break .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 19 - 51 ) 105 - 100 on Tuesday . The Nets put up a valiant fight after falling behind 25 - 14 after one period , clawing their way back over the middle two quarters . Brooklyn outscored Charlotte over the second and third periods by a margin of 50 - 42 . They mostly did it on the strength of solid shooting , as they posted 46 and 44 percent success rates for the game from the field and three - point range , respectively . However , mistakes ultimately did them in , as they committed 16 total turnovers on the night , double that of the visitors . The Hornets were able to regain their footing in the final 12 minutes , and pull away for their fourth win in the last five contests . Charlotte was led by Nicolas Batum , who posted 23 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Jeremy Lin was next with a second consecutive productive outing , tallying 21 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal . It was his second straight performance with over 20 points , and his total paced the reserves . Frank Kaminsky III , getting the start in place of Marvin Williams ( ankle ) , collected 14 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . Kemba Walker matched Kaminsky 's point total and added four assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Hornets remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Friday . Brooklyn was led by Brook Lopez , who amassed 29 points , nine rebounds and six assists in his return from an illness that caused him to miss Saturday night 's game . Sean Kilpatrick continued an outstanding second half of the season , leading the Nets bench with 25 points , two rebounds , an assist and a block . Bojan Bogdanovic was next with 20 points and three rebounds . Thaddeus Young had a relatively quiet night by his standards , but did pitch in with 10 points , eight rebounds and an assist . The Nets remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Thursday versus the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 20 - 51 ) defeated the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers ( 51 - 21 ) 104 - 95 , Thursday evening at Barclays Center . The Nets hit the Cavaliers with a big wake - up call , sending them packing with a loss . Brooklyn came out tough from the start and led 59 - 49 at halftime , however Cleveland responded with a big third quarter and took a three - point lead into the fourth . The Nets were relentless as they battled back in the fourth , beginning with 10 points in the first four minutes , including eight from Rondae Hollis-Jefferson . Cleveland still managed to get up by two with six minutes left , but that is when the Nets went on a 14 - to - 3 run to end the game and upset the top team in the East . This result snaps a three - game losing streak for the Nets and a two game winning streak by the Cavs . The clubs have one more meeting before the end of the season , with the season - series at 2 - 1 for Cleveland . Five players scored in double digits for Brooklyn , while all six remaining players to hit the floor also contributed significantly on the scorecard , making this a true team - effort . Brook Lopez led the way with 22 points , seven rebounds and five assists , in 31 minutes , while Shane Larkin also came up large , with 16 points , seven assists and three rebounds , in 31 minutes . The Nets assisted on 28 of their 41 field goals while their defense held the Cavs to only 44 percent from the field , 26 percent from long range and forced Cleveland into 15 turnovers . LeBron James had a very solid outing , with 30 points ( 13 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 35 minutes of action , but it was not enough to get his team over the hump in this one . Only two other players scored in double digits other than LeBron , including Kyrie Irving , who shot 6 - 22 , on his way to 13 points , and Kevin Love , who shot 5 - 14 , for 11 points . The Cavs team , other than LeBron , was not able to get in any kind of offensive groove as they were stifled in Brooklyn . Next , the Cavs will play in New York , against the Knicks on Saturday . The Nets host the Pacers on Saturday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 47 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 56 ) 106 - 87 on Sunday afternoon . The Nets announced prior to the game that veterans Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young would sit for the remainder of the season , in order to avoid further wear and tear in the latter stages of a lost season . The move signaled the inclusion of Henry Sims and Thomas Robinson into the starting five , beginning with Sunday 's tilt versus the Pelicans . Sims got things off on the right foot , sharing the team scoring lead with 12 points , and adding seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Meanwhile , Robinson , who 'd already done an outstanding job filling in for Young in a handful games in the latter stages of the season , posted a double - double with 11 points and 15 rebounds . New_Orleans was led by Luke Babbit 's 21 points , and he added four assists , a rebound and a block . With the Pelicans holding a comfortable lead , the next two leading scores came from the bench , beginning with Tim Frazier , who tallied his first career - double with 19 points , 13 assists , two rebounds and three steals . Alexis Ajinca was next with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist , a steal and four blocks . Dante Cunningham represented the first unit well , chipping in with 14 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . James Ennis continued his solid play with New_Orleans with 14 points , three rebounds , two assists , four steals and a block . Jordan Hamilton was also highly effective , tallying 13 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Tuesday night . Brooklyn was paced by Sean Kilpatrtick 's 15 points and three rebounds off the bench over 26 minutes . Markel Brown equaled Sims ' team - high scoring total in a reserve role , and added a rebound and an assist . Wayne Ellington totaled 10 points , three assists , a rebound , a steal and a block . The Nets are currently in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Wednesday night .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 20 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 1 - 1 ) 95 - 78 Friday . 2015 top overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns’ coming out party spearheaded the Timberwolves to a rousing victory over one of the more potent offenses in the NBA . The standout rookie posted his second double - double in as many games and was dominant on the defensive glass in particular , hauling in 11 of his 14 boards on that end of the floor . Towns’ deft 59 percent shooting ( 17 - for - 29 ) over his first two career games has also been an eye - opener . The Wolves also enjoyed a nice rebound effort from Andrew Wiggins , who had struggled mightily with his shot in the opener . Wiggins poured in 18 points to supplement Towns’ outstanding effort , and Zach LaVine and Kevin Martin paced Minnesota’s bench with 10 and 14 points , respectively . The Nuggets could not come close to duplicating their shocking road victory over the Rockets in the opener , enduring mediocre shooting nights from their starting five . First-round pick Emmanuel Mudiay paced Denver with 15 points and did cut down his turnovers to a respectable four after being charged with 11 in the opener . However , reserve Will Barton outscored the rest of the Nuggets’ starters with 14 points over 30 minutes , while the normally prolific Danilo Gallinari could only contribute 10 points on a subpar 4 - of - 13 shooting performance . Overall , Denver was only able to muster a mediocre 31 team field goal percentage in the loss . The victory keeps the Timberwolves perfect at 20 and in first place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . They now head to Portland to face the Blazers on Monday . The loss drops the Nuggets to 1 - 1 and places them into a last place tie in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . They next head to Oklahoma City for a showdown with the Thunder on Sunday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 4 - 5 ) 107 - 98 on Friday . The Rockets did nothing to assuage the concerns Head Coach Kevin McHale had expressed less than 48 hours ago , failing to reach 100 points for the second consecutive game while suffering a second straight loss . Houston had endured a similar scoring drought over the season 's first three contests before breaking out of their offensive slump by averaging 113 points over the next four outings , all victories . A lack of support for James Harden ( 28 points ) seems to have played a large part in dooming the Rockets ' quest for victory Friday , with backcourt mate Ty Lawson somehow failing to score over 34 minutes on the floor . The Rockets did enjoy a resurgent performance from Terrence Jones , who had himself been shut out over 16 minutes in his return Thursday folowing a five - game absence prompted by a facial laceration . Jones came off the bench Friday to post a highly - efficient 23 - point , seven - rebound , four - block performance over just 21 minutes of court time . Trevor Ariza also contributed 13 points , while Dwight Howard tallied a fourth consecutive double - double with 12 points and 10 boards . The Rockets ' record fell to 4 - 5 and now reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They head home for a Saturday night showdown with the Mavericks . Danilo Gallinari continues to reap the benefits of full health , a rarity for the talented but oft - injured forward . He led the Nuggets with 27 points on outstanding 78 percent shooting . Kenneth Faried pitched in with a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double against a Rockets frontcourt surrendering the second - highest points per night to opposing power forwards , while Will Barton exploded off the bench to amass a season - high 26 points in just 31 minutes . J.J. Hickson and Jameer Nelson also tallied double - digit scoring contributions in starting and reserve roles , respectively . Denver improved their record to 5 - 4 and are currently in second place in the Pacific Division 's Northwest Division . They now head to Phoenix for a Saturday tilt of their own versus the Suns .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 7 - 7 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 9 ) 111 - 94 on Tuesday . After outlasting the Kings in Sacramento 111 - 104 on Opening Night , the Clippers had dropped four straight road games heading into Tuesday . They also were losers of three straight overall , and the criticism had been seemingly mounting with each defeat . The Clippers gave themselves a respite from all of the negativity for at least one night , turning in a true team effort that saw all five starters and sixth man Jamal Crawford collect double - digit points , as well as three of the starting five post double - doubles . Blake Griffin bounced back from a season - low nine points on Sunday versus Toronto to fill out the stat sheet in impressive fashion . The All-Star power forward collected 18 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block in an encouraging , all - around performance . Chris Paul pitched in with 15 points , 10 assists , a pair of rebounds and three steals . Meanwhile , DeAndre Jordan was sent to the charity stripe an absurd 26 times by the Nuggets . Jordan converted 12 of those opportunities into points , matching Griffin for the team lead in scoring with 18 points overall . He added 11 rebounds , three assists , a steal and four blocks in one of his best games of the season . J.J. Redick had his second consecutive strong game by pouring in 16 points , while Wesley Johnson acquitted himself admirably in a spot start with 11 points , a pair of rebounds , an assist and a block . The Clippers evened their record at 7 - 7 and moved into a second - place tie with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference’s Pacific Division . They head home for a Wednesday tilt versus the Jazz . With Kenneth Faried ( ankle ) and his rebounding prowess absent for the night , Danilo Gallinari played like a man possessed on the defensive glass for Denver . The veteran forward hauled in a season - high 18 boards , while also posting 20 points . Like Jordan , Gallinari was a frequent visitor to the free - throw line , converting 16 of his 17 chances from the charity stripe . Nikola Jokic was effective once again at center with 16 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists over 24 minutes , as was Darrell Arthur in another start at power forward . The veteran was solid once again in Faried’s stead , collecting 11 points and five rebounds . Gary Harris pitched in 14 points and a trio of boards , leaving rookie Emmanuel Mudiay as the only Denver starter in the single digits in scoring ( seven points ) in a tough learning experience versus Paul . Nuggets’ sixth man extraordinaire Will Barton was notably held to a single point and three rebounds over 20 minutes , and was 0 - for - 6 from the field . The Nuggets fell to 6 - 9 and are currently in last place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . They remain home for a Friday showdown versus the Spurs .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 13 - 3 ) left no loose - ends as they defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 10 ) by a score of 91 - 80 , on Friday night in Denver . The Spurs held the Nuggets to only 40 percent shooting from the field and commanded control of the game with their defense . They led for the whole second half . Denver had 10 players score but only three of those players scored in double digits . Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets in scoring with 16 points and made it a double double with 10 rebounds . Will Barton chipped in 12 points and nine rebounds in 29 minutes off the bench . Jameer Nelson also added 12 points off the bench . Denver was missing Kenneth Faried who sat out with an ankle sprain . San_Antonio managed to take care of business even with out two of their veteran leaders , Manu Ginobili and Tim Duncan . Kawhi Leonard did what he is trained to do and stepped up for the Spurs in the absence of his veteran mates , finishing with 25 points on 11 - 18 shooting , seven rebounds and six assists . Tony Parker scored 13 points and dished five assists in 24 minutes . Rookie Jonathon Simmons chipped in 12 points on 4 - 8 shooting in 26 minutes off the bench . San_Antonio will be back in action on Saturday night as they host Atlanta , who will also be on the second night of a back to back . Denver will also be back in action on Saturday night with a visit to Dallas .
The Denver Nuggets ( 10 - 14 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 12 - 13 ) 114 - 108 for the third - straight time on Monday night . Denver appears to have the Rockets number this year , as they have scored over 107 points in all three wins . There were some eye - popping stats here , as the Nuggets outrebounded the Rockets 52 - 26 in the victory . Denver also shot 51 percent from the field to Houston 's 47 percent . The three - point shooting would indicate that the Rockets won this game , as Houston went 18 - for - 40 from long range , while Denver just went 8 - for - 25 . Houston actually ended the game on a big run and nearly made a huge comeback , but fell just short . The Rockets use the three - ball as their life source , but that wasn’t the difference tonight . They shot fantastic from long distance , but couldn’t rebound and couldn’t defend . The defense has been terrible all year and they really ca n't stop this Nuggets team for some reason . James Harden led the team with 24 points , three rebounds , six assists and three steals . Donte Montijunas , who has missed the majority of the season , scored a season - high 19 points in a promising performance . The worrisome part of this game as that there were times that Houston was just standing around and effort simply should never be an issue for an NBA team . They 'll have to travel to Sacramento on Tuesday to take on the Kings in the second half of a back - to - back set , in what should be an extremely high - scoring game . The Nuggets played a fantastic third and fourth quarter to run away with a big win . They set a season - high with 62 points in the paint and doubled the rebounding total of the Rockets . All five starters for Denver scored in double - figures , but their best player tonight was sixth - man Will Barton . He led the team with 23 points scored and also provided nine rebounds , three assists and three steals in the win . Danilo Gallinari also had a nice all - around game , as he contributed 15 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Gary Harris also scored a career - high 21 points and continues to grow while playing elite defense night in and night out . Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 23 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 17 ) 111 - 107 on Tuesday night . The game was a tale of two halves , as these teams showed why they have struggled so much this season . The Nuggets scored 64 points in the first half to take a 13 - point lead , but blew it in the second half with some bad defense . The Lakers outscored Denver 32 - 16 in the third quarter and went to Kobe Bryant to close things out at the end . Denver made some crucial errors late and it really hurt them in a game they really should have won . It was a vintage Kobe performance , as he carried the Lakers to a much needed win . He matched his season - high with 31 points and hit multiple baskets late to seal the victory . Jordan Clarkson and Lou Williams both played good as well , as they scored 36 points combined . The offense has been terrible all season , for the Lakers , but this 111 - spot will hopefully get them going . Their next game will be on Christmas , when they take on the Los_Angeles Clippers . The Nuggets had a season - high 21 - point lead in the second quarter , but managed to choke that away . They let the Lakers go on a 23 - 3 run between the second and third quarter and could never recover after that . Will Barton scored 18 points in the first quarter , but really struggled after that , finishing with 25 in the game . The one bright spot was the bench , as all four players who came off the bench scored at least nine points while accumulating 58 points all together . Denver also played this game without Danilo Gallinari and that might have been the key in the loss with no go - to weapon at the end of the game . This was a brutal loss for Nuggets fans and they 'll look to bounce - back on Wednesday when they take on the Phoenix Suns .
The Denver Nuggets ( 16 - 25 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 19 ) 129 - 126 in an offensive exhibition on Sunday . The Pacers pulled off an extremely rare feat tonight , by losing in a game where they shot nearly 60 percent from the field . The defense from both teams was just terrible , as Denver shot over 50 percent on their end . The key for Denver was their rebounding , as they snatched down 42 boards to the Pacers 33 . The fourth quarter was also huge for the Nuggets , as they outscored Indiana by 10 and scored a whopping 45 points . Indiana really should have won this game , if they would have played just a little bit of defense . The Pacers bench was fantastic in this game , as they scored 62 points between the five players . Myles Turner set a career - high with 25 points and also grabbed six rebounds in a fantastic performance off the bench . Monta Ellis also had a nice game , as he scored 24 points to go along with five assists . Joe Young also had the best game of his young career , as he tallied 15 points and seven assists in just 18 minutes of action . Indiana will look to bounce back on Tuesday , when they take on the Phoenix Suns in their next game . Denver didn’t make it easy on Sunday , but they ended up winning their third game in their last four in a current eight - game homestand . The Nuggets went 6 - for - 9 from three - point range in the final quarter and dropped an incredible 45 points to win the game . All five starters scored in double - figures , with Danilo Gallinari scoring a team - high 23 before fouling out with three minutes left . Will Barton has been struggling recently , but a haircut might have been the trick , as he came up big here totaling 21 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench with his new do . Up next in the homestand is a date against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 31 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 35 ) 114 - 110 on Tuesday . A fast - paced , high - scoring affair befitting of both team 's explosive offenses and equally vulnerable defenses effectively ended with a highlight defensive play from the best player on the court in DeMarcus Cousins . Although they entered the final period on the short end of a 91 - 77 score , Denver mounted an impressive rally that eventually saw them take a 104 - 103 lead on a three - pointer from D.J. Augustin with 4:5 remaining . The two teams traded the advantage and also drew even multiple times over nearly the next four minutes . After Sacramento managed to open up a slightly comfortable four - point lead , Nikola Jokic made a surprising three - pointer with 10 seconds remaining to close the deficit to a single point once again . Darren Collison made only one of two free throws following a take foul on him by Augustin , leaving Denver with nine seconds to tie or hit a likely game - winning trey . Darrell Arthur appeared to have a clear path to a tying layup after breaking free down court on the inbounds pass , but Cousins made a terrific play to strip the ball and secure the hard - fought victory . Cousins unsurprisingly led the way for the visitors with 39 points , nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Rudy Gay was a distant second with a nevertheless solid 16 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , four steals and three blocks . While no other starter managed double - digit scoring , Rajon Rondo did hand out 12 assists , while two reserves had productive outings . Omri Casspi contributed a near double - double with 14 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a steal , while Willie Cauley-Stein pitched in with 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and two blocks . Collison and Marco Belinelli supplied a pair of nine - point efforts as well , with the former adding five assists , four rebounds and a steal . Sacramento remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division , and three and a half games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets . They 're home on Thursday to face off against the San Antonio Spurs . Denver 's first unit was led by Danilo Gallinari 's 17 points , but he could only add a rebound , an assist and a steal . Nikola Jokic filled out the stat sheet in much more impressive fashion , totaling 13 points , 13 boards , six assists and a pair of steals . Kenneth Faried tallied 13 points of his own , and also chipped in seven rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Emmanuel Mudiay supplied 11 points , four assists , a steal and a block . Meanwhile , a Nuggets bench that impressively posted 52 points on the night was paced by 18 from Will Barton , which he complemented with six rebounds and four assists . Arthur had a solid 14 points , five rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals , his final rejected shot notwithstanding . Augustin and Joffrey Lauvergne registered a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding three rebounds , four assists and a steal , and the latter hauling in six boards . The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They face off against the Clippers in Los Angeles on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 24 - 37 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 50 ) 117 - 107 at Pepsi Center on Wednesday . The second game of a back - to - back for the Lakers proved to be a heavy workload , as the team looked tired throughout the second half . Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) started , but only played the first half , likely to give the crowd a sendoff in his final game in Denver . It was far from a pretty showcase between the two teams , but the Lakers received another strong performance from rookie point guard D’Angelo Russell , who scored 24 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with one rebound and six assists in 36 minutes . Russell has broken through in the second half of the season , and heading into Wednesday , he had posted a five game stretch averaging 21 points , 4 rebounds , 5 assists on 55 percent shooting . That stat line is the lone bright spot for Los_Angeles aside from Brandon Bass’ defensive improvement over the last 10 games . Bass added 11 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench , but helped bring his team within striking distance of the Nuggets down the stretch , forcing a couple of turnovers and defending both the paint and wing at an exceptional level . Bryant five points in 10 minutes of game time , while Julius Randle fell short of a double - double with 17 points and seven rebounds . The Lakers will host the Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 28 ) on Friday . The Nuggets held on to win , but it looked bleak after surviving an eight minutes stretch of play between the third and fourth quarters where they scored an underwhelming two points . Denver shot 1 - of - 12 during that stretch , and save for the Lakers inability to rebound the ball , the eight minute stretch could have been extended . The unlikely hero came on the back of D.J. Augustin , who rallied the Nuggets after the scoring drought and finished with 26 points , seven rebounds , five assists and one steal on 7 - of - 11 shooting in 23 minutes off of the bench . Emmanuel Mudiay put together a strong game , and the rookie matchup with Russell made for the most entertainment , as he rounded out the box score with 22 points , four rebounds and seven assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Gary Harris , Nikola Jokic and Kenneth Faried all finished in double figures in their starting roles . The Nuggets will host the Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 44 ) on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 44 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 24 - 38 ) 121 - 120 in overtime on Friday . Brooklyn came into this game as a heavy underdog , but got a game - winning tip from Brook Lopez to steal a win . The key for the Nets was the three - point shooting , as Brooklyn went 13 - for - 22 , with the Nuggets going just 6 - for - 26 . Denver did dominate down low though , as they scored a season - high 70 points in the paint , while outrebounding the Nets 50 to 34 . The Nets bench was huge too , as they outscored the Nuggets bench 53 to 35 . This win makes Brooklyn 6 - 6 across their last 12 games , which is a huge improvement on their early season form . Markel Brown was fantastic off the bench , as he scored a career - high 21 points to go along with eight rebounds and seven assists . Brook Lopez scored 20 of his own and capped off his night with the game - winner in overtime . The Nets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday in their next game . This is the second time in a row that Denver has lost to the Nets , with both of them coming at the buzzer . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay continued his good form though , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the loss . Gary Harris scored 21 of his own and made three steals in the defeat . Nikola Jokic and Kenneth Faried both recorded double - doubles as well . On deck for Denver is a matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 38 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 35 ) 116 - 100 on Saturday . The recent forms of these teams would have indicated this result , but it happened in a strange fashion . Denver went on a 19 - 3 run in the fourth quarter to make a big comeback and run away with the win . In fact , the Nuggets outscored the Wizards 41 to 17 in the fourth quarter . What was most impressive is that the Denver reserves played the entirety of the fourth quarter and led the comeback . The Nuggets shot 53 percent from the field , while holding the Wizards to just 42 percent shooting . The Denver bench also outscored the Washington bench 75 to 34 . Washington had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear they couldn’t keep up in the altitude . The Wizards had a seven - minute stretch in the fourth quarter where they failed to make a basket . John Wall shot poorly , but still finished with 19 points and 11 assists in the loss . Otto Porter played well , as he scored 23 points and recorded five steals . On deck for Washington is a matchup against the Detroit Pistons on Monday . This now gives Denver their fourth - straight win , with all four wins coming at home . The bench was spectacular , as four players scored at least 14 points . Darrell Arthur and Jusuf Nurkic both tied the team - lead with 17 points off the bench . D.J. Augustin and Will Barton both double - doubled off the bench as well , as they scored 31 combined points . The Nuggets will look to keep up the winning streak against the Miami Heat on Monday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 30 - 42 ) snatched victory from the jaws of defeat with a buzzer beater victory Wednesday against the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 63 ) at Pepsi Center , 104 - 103 . Philadelphia took a 98 - 97 lead on a Carl Landry hook shot with 3:22 to go in the game . They still owned that lead when Robert Covington stepped to the free throw line with 3 seconds to go and a one - point lead . But Covington made just one of the two free throws to give the Nuggets an opening . Lacking a time out , the Nuggets had to go the length of the floor , and Emmanuel Mudiay sank a three - point shot from near midcourt at the buzzer to give the Nuggets the comeback victory . Mudiay 's buzzer beater finished off one of the best games of his career , as he scored 27 points ( 10 - 23 FG , 3 - 5 3PT , 4 - 5 FT ) , grabbed 11 rebounds , dished four assists and committed just one turnover . Gary Harris ( 6 - 11 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and Nikola Jokic ( 5 - 6 FG , 8 - 12 FT ) added 18 points apiece . The Nuggets more than doubled Philadelphia 's output from the free throw line , as they earned 40 free throws and sank 32 ( 80 percent ) . T.J. McConnell led the 76ers with 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3PT , 2 - 2 FT ) and dished five assists . Carl Landry ( 6 - 11 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and Robert Covington ( 6 - 15 FG , 3 - 10 3PT ) scored 16 points apiece as the 76ers had five players reach double figures . Philadelphia shot an excellent 15 - 37 ( 41 percent ) from three - point land , but just 39 percent on two - point shots , and they could n't capitalize on their deep sharpshooting as a result . The Nuggets head for Los Angeles to take on the Lakers on Friday night . Philadelphia 's road trip continues with a Saturday matchup against the Trail Blazers .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 36 - 38 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 31 - 44 ) 97 - 88 on Monday . Most of the statistics would indicate a Denver win , but there was one glaring stat that kept this game close . It was the turnover differential , as the Nuggets committed 21 turnovers , with the Mavericks committing just three . Those three turnovers actually set a franchise record for the Mavericks , as their franchise - low was four before this game . Denver dominated the shooting and rebounding though , as they shot 44 percent to Dallas ' 41 percent and outrebounded them 44 to 34 . Despite playing shorthanded , the Mavericks got a much needed win in this matchup . They had lost six of seven before this , but this win put them in a tie for the eight - seed in the west . J.J. Barea was huge off the bench , as he tallied 18 points and 11 assists in the win . Dwight Powell got a rare start and led the starters with 16 points , while also snatching down seven boards . All five Dallas starters scored in double figures in their victory . On deck for Dallas is a matchup with the New York Knicks on Wednesday . Denver 's offense really struggled , as they turned the ball over far too often to win . Emmanuel Mudiay was one of the only bright spots , as he totaled 16 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Will Barton was solid off the bench , as he amassed a game - high 23 points and eight rebounds . Kenneth Faried made a return from a six - game absence to contribute nine points and 11 rebounds . Up next for the Nuggets is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 54 - 24 ) demolished the Denver Nuggets ( 32 - 47 ) on their home court on Tuesday , 124 - 102 . The Thunder 's Russell Westbrook grabbed headlines in the third quarter by earning his NBA-leading 17th triple - double of the year . Westbrook finished with 13 points , 14 rebounds , and 12 assists . The All-Star point guard 's mark is the most in over 25 seasons , and is far and away the most of Westbrook 's already - storied career . Also making a splash , as always , was forward Kevin Durant . KD chipped in 26 points , good for a team high , and also snagged eight rebounds . The Thunder remain comfortably third in the Western Conference . The Nuggets , meanwhile , have been eliminated from playoff contention . Denver was absolutely manhandled on the glass on Tuesday , losing out in rebounds 55 - 38 . Defense also played a big role in the defeat , as the Thunder got absolutely everything they wanted , converting on 53 percent of shots from the field . Denver , meanwhile , shot just a paltry 42 percent . The Thunder look poised for a first - place finish in the Northwest division , while the Nuggets remain steady at fourth . The Thunder will face off against Portland on Wednesday , while Denver will visit San Antonio on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 2 - 3 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 1 - 3 ) 100 - 98 on Wednesday in Indianapolis . After getting off to a hot start and outscoring the Celtics 23 - 16 in the first quarter , the Pacers looked as if they could run away with this game . The Celtics had something to say about that , though , bringing themselves back to within one point going into the fourth . Down five points in the fourth , Avery Bradley hit two clutch shots to tie the game with just a minute left in regulation . However , Monta Ellis then came right back and put the Pacers up two after getting fouled and making both free - throw attempts , to which the Celtics were n't able to muster a response . The Pacers rode the hot hand of Paul George in this one . He put up a team - high of 26 points , 15 of which came in the first half , while also adding 10 rebounds . The double - double was his second of the year , bringing his season averages up to 19 points and 8 rebounds per game . With starting center Ian Mahinmi out due to a back injury , Jordan Hill made the start in the middle . Hill took advantage of the extra time , pitching in with a double - double of his own with 16 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , 10 rebounds , and two steals over 29 minutes . The point , rebound , and steal totals were all season highs for the sixth - year big man . Including the two game - sealing free throws , Monta Ellis also chipped in with 13 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds , and eight assists . The Celtics came into this matchup dealing with an important injury of their own , as Marcus Smart was held out with a sprained left big toe . Starting in his place , Isaiah Thomas did n't disappoint , shooting 9 - for - 19 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high 27 points . He also added seven assists . He 's had a fantastic start to this season and was already averaging 22 points , 1 rebounds , and 6 assists per game heading into the matchup . Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder were the other two starters in double figures . Bradley finished with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds , while Crowder added 12 points ( 3 - 5 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) and six rebounds . The Celtics will next head on the road to take on the Washington Wizards on Friday , while the Pacers will remain at home and play the Miami Heat on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 10 - 5 ) beat the Chicago Bulls ( 9 - 5 ) 104 - 92 on Friday . The Bulls have earned had a reputation as a gritty , blue - collar team that tends to dominate in the paint , with rebounders such as Pau Gasol and Joakim Noah often leading the way . However , the Indiana Pacers ' performance Friday may be indicative of a changing of the guard in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , where both teams reside . The home team largely controlled matters down low , hauling in a collective 51 boards and scoring 42 of their 104 points in the paint , as compared to 28 for the Bulls . Point guard George Hill and reserve forward Lavoy Allen surprisingly spearheaded the Pacers ' rebounding efforts with 10 apiece , and Ian Mahinmi ( 9 ) and Paul George ( 8 ) pitched in with strong board totals as well . Indiana 's frontcourt had been particularly maligned early in the season , but Mahinmi appears to be settling in nicely as the unquestioned starting center , and players like Allen and George have been making consistently strong contributions around the basket as well . Hill could only muster six points to go along with the 10 rebounds , but others picked up the slack scoring - wise . George followed up a 40 - point outburst versus Washington on Tuesday with a 33 - point effort , while C.J. Miles continued his string of strong offensive showings with 16 points . Mahinmi and Monta Ellis rounded out a strong night for Indiana 's starting five with 15 and 14 points , respectively . Allen poured in 12 to pace the Pacers ' bench and tally his first double - double of the season . The Pacers improved to 10 - 5 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Sunday . The Bulls were lead by Nikola Mirotic , who totaled a season - high 25 points to go along with seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Jimmy Butler ( 16 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks ) and Derrick Rose ( 10 points , six rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block ) were the only other Chicago starters to manage double - digit scoring . Notably , Gasol totaled only nine points , marking his third single - digit scoring night of the season . He did manage 11 boards , giving him double - digit rebounds in five of his last six outings . Kirk Hinrich led the reserves with 11 points over 22 minutes . Chicago fell to 9 - 5 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home for a date with the Spurs on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 9 ) dealt the Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 19 ) their fourth straight loss on Friday , winning 104 - 97 . Despite struggles from some of their starters , including star Paul George ( seven turnovers ) and guard Monta Ellis ( 1 - for - 8 shooting , two points ) , the Pacers were able to comfortably defeat Brooklyn for their fourth win in five games . Indiana 's strong showing can be attributed largely to their bench , as sixth man Rodney Stuckey racked up 15 points , while backup big man Jordan Hill recorded a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . The win puts Indiana just one game behind the Cavaliers for the first seed in the Eastern Conference . While Brooklyn got off to a hot start in the month of December , they now face a four - game losing streak and remain the second - worst team in the Eastern Conference . Even in the face of the loss , Thaddeus Young 's surprising rebounding renaissance continued , with the power forward pulling down 14 boards , including six offensive . Young is averaging nine rebounds per game on the season , almost four more than his career average . Point guard Jarrett Jack also impressed , tallying 26 points to go with nine rebounds and six assists . The dominance of Indiana and comeback star Paul George has been one of the biggest surprises of the 2015 - 16 season . With the Pacers on a tear lately , they will carry strong momentum into their matchup in Memphis on Saturday . The Nets , meanwhile , continue to struggle . They will hope to capitalize on a manageable matchup against the aching Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards ( 19 - 19 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 18 ) 118 - 104 on Friday . The Wizards have already dealt with the loss of an integral component for an extended stretch this season , and that experience is serving them well in the wake of the latest injury to a key cog of their team . Marcin Gortat is dealing with a series of knee complications that includes an infection , and has missed the last three games as a result . In his stead , Nene Hilario has stepped up with three solid performances , but multiple players elevated their respective games on the glass Friday to help make up for the big man 's absence . The Wizards managed an outstanding 54 rebounds , including 37 on the defensive end . Meanwhile , Washington also shot a solid 52 percent from the field , and an equally impressive 44 percent from three - point range , leading to a relatively comfortable victory . John Wall spearheaded the Wizards ' attack once again , posting a game - high 28 points and also tallying seven rebounds , eight assists and a steal . No other starter tallied double - digit scoring , but Hilario did match his eight points with eight boards , and added two assists , a steal and a block . Garrett Temple made another start in place of Beal , and contributed five points , six rebounds and five assists . However , Beal significantly outplayed him off the bench , posting 22 points , five rebounds and an assist over 22 minutes . DeJuan Blair and Gary Neal pitched in with a pair of 12 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals , and the latter managing four boards and three assists . Ramon Sessions was the fourth reserve with a double - digit point total , stuffing the stat sheet over 23 minutes with 10 points , five assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Wizards improved to 19 - 19 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Boston to face the Celtics on Saturday . The Pacers were paced by Paul George , who tallied 21 points , seven assists , five rebounds , three steals and a block . George Hill , questionable before the game for personal reasons , played 34 minutes and posted 19 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a steal . Monta Ellis made it a solid night for the Indiana backcourt with 17 points , three rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Lavoy Allen led the Indiana reserves with 15 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Pacers fell to 22 - 18 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Denver for a Sunday showdown on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 27 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 31 - 27 ) 96 - 95 on Friday . The entertaining back - and - forth affair featured solid ball security from both clubs , as well as stellar offensive performances on each side . Paul George led the Pacers ' effort with 32 points , while Marvin Williams continued his outstanding campaign with a 26 - point effort for Charlotte . The highly competitive matchup between the two evenly - matched teams unsurprisingly came down to the final seconds , with Kemba Walker erasing Indiana 's fourth - quarter comeback with a driving layup with just two seconds remaining . The Pacers ' last gasp effort following the subsequent inbounds pass fell short , as Paul George missed an 18 - foot jumper at the buzzer . Williams added 13 rebounds , an assist , a steal and two blocks to his team - leading scoring tally . The remarkable performance notably represented the veteran 's first game with more than 20 points and 10 boards since April 2012 . Walker was right on his heels with his own double - double , consisting of 22 points , 10 assists , three rebounds and a steal . Cody Zeller amassed 14 points , five rebounds and a block . Al Jefferson paced the reserves while coming off the bench for the fourth straight game since returning from injury , totaling nine points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and hold the eighth seed in the conference as well . They travel to Atlanta for a date with the Hawks on Sunday afternoon . George nailed a 40 - footer to close out the first half as part of his team - high point total , and also supplied six rebounds , four assists , three steals and a block . Rookie Myles Turner had a difficult time defensively against Williams , but did turn in a solid 15 points and four boards . Monta Ellis was next in line with 14 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists , and George Hill followed him with 10 points , seven assists , six rebounds and a pair of steals . Jordan Hill led the reserves with a modest six points , five rebounds and an assist . Indiana is in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division at the moment , two percentage points behind the second - place Bulls , who are currently in action against the Atlanta Hawks . They hold the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference as well , and are home again Sunday versus the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 32 - 28 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 31 - 28 ) 111 - 102 on Sunday . Not many teams have been as hot as the Blazers and they showed just why on Sunday . The key was a hot start for Portland , as they scored 39 points in the first quarter to take a 12 - point lead . The Trail_Blazers were unconscious from long distance , as they went 14 - for - 24 from three - point range . The Trail_Blazers continue to move up the standings in the Western Conference and they continue to ride Damian Lillard to the promise land . Lillard put together another 30 - point game , as he tallied 33 points and five rebounds in the win . The bench played well too , with Gerald Henderson and Meyers Leonard combining for 36 points . On deck for Portland is the New York Knicks on Tuesday , Indiana came into this game as a six - point favorite and could n't make enough stops to pull out a much needed win . Everyone struggled shooting , with Paul George , Myles Turner , Monta Ellis and George Hill combining to shoot 18 - for - 54 from the field . No one scored more than 18 points either , with Ellis leading the team . Up next for the Blazers is a tough matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 21 ) took down the Indiana Pacers ( 36 - 32 ) in overtime on Thursday , winning 101 - 94 . Center Bismack Biyombo recorded a career - high and franchise - record 25 rebounds to lead the team to victory . Needless to say , Toronto was merciless on the glass , outrebounding Indiana 57 - 48 . While Biyombo was the game 's biggest story , shattering his personal rebounding record while also scoring 16 points on just six field goal attempts and recording a pair of blocks , All-Star Kyle Lowry also had a big night . Lowry scored 28 points and neared a triple - double , also recording eight rebounds and eight assists . Fellow All-Star guard DeMar DeRozan matched Lowry 's scoring while getting to the free - throw line 12 times . All in all it was a big night for the Raptors , who were able to walk away victorious despite an abysmal 36 percent shooting night . The team has surpassed all expectations , rivaling the Cleveland Cavaliers for the top of the Eastern Conference headed down the stretch . After Thursday 's win , Toronto sits just two games out of the number one spot . The Pacers , meanwhile , had an equally horrific shooting night , going just 39 percent from the field . Star Paul George led the way with 18 points and nine rebounds , but no one Pacer took over the game in the way Biyombo and the Raptors backcourt were able to . Guard Monta Ellis came up with four big steals and dished out seven assists , but shot just 3 - for - 11 on the night . The loss puts Indiana more firmly in the seventh slot in the Eastern Conference , and Thursday 's matchup looks as though it may be a playoff preview if seeding remains constant for the rest of the season . Toronto will host the ailing Boston Celtics on Friday , while Indiana will see the powerhouse Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 37 - 33 ) made easy work of the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 62 ) Monday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse , 91 - 75 . The Philadelphia offense was anemic all night , and after a pair of 18 - point quarters from the 76ers the Pacers entered the half with a robust 47 - 36 lead . The Pacers offense was hardly electric itself - - Indiana asissted on just 18 made baskets and turned the ball over 12 times - - but the Pacers sank 10 three - pointers , enough to bury Philadelphia . Indiana presented a balanced attack as all five starters finished in double figures . Paul George scored a game - high 15 points on a poor shooting night ( 4 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3PT , 6 - 6 FT ) but added six rebounds , three assists and two steals . Ian Mahinmi scored an efficient 12 points ( 6 - 8 FG ) and added 10 rebbounds and Monta Ellis scored 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 7 3PT ) and dished a game - high five assists . Hollis Thompson and Isaiah Canaan led the 76ers with 15 points apiece . Jerami Grant was the only other Philadelphia player to get into double digits as he poured in 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) . Ish Smith had a poor shooting night as he shot 2 - 15 from the floor , although he did grab a team - high nine rebounds and dish a team - high four assists . Philadelphia shot just 39 percent from the floor and had as many turnovers as assists with 15 each . The 76ers continue their road trip Wednesday against Denver . The Pacers host the Pelicans on Thursday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 39 - 34 ) snagged a close 104 - 101 win over the Houston Rockets ( 36 - 38 ) on Sunday in an Easter afternoon matchup . The Pacers saw big scoring performances from top - notch scorers Paul George and Monta Ellis . The duo posted 25 and 23 respectively , with George also snatching 11 rebounds on the night . Rookie big man Myles Turner also showed off , coming up with 11 rebounds to go with 19 points on impressive 8 - for - 12 shooting . Indiana shot 47 percent as a squad , a respectable mark that was enough to lift them to narrow victory . The Pacers are now half a game ahead of the Pistons in the Eastern Conference playoff picture and look likely to reamin the seven seed heading into the postseason . Houston , meanwhile , is fighting to keep their playoff dreams alive . Last year 's second seed has sunk to a sub - .500 team this season , and will have a hard - fought battle with Utah and Dallas for the last two spots in the Western Conference playoffs . As always , star guard James Harden stuffed the stat sheet , scoring 34 points , dishing eight assists , and pulling down eight rebounds . However , the All-Star also turned the ball over five times , an issue he has had consistently throughout the season . At 339 turnovers , Harden already has the 13th - most turnovers ever in a single season and is steadily climbing that list . With eight games to go , the Houston star remains on pace to break the notorious mark of 366 set by Artis Gilmore back in 1978 . Houston Will Visit Cleveland on Tuesday , while Indiana will host Chicago .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 6 - 1 ) outgunned the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 6 ) in a high - scoring affair Friday , winning 121 - 115 . The Pelicans led 28 - 26 after one quarter , but could n't keep pace the rest of the way . Although they managed to tie it up in the fourth quarter at one point , it was n't enough , as the Hawks notched their sixth straight win . Anthony Davis did everything he could to keep his injury - riddled team from tallying another loss . Davis scored an incredible 43 points on 14 - of - 23 shooting , while making 14 - of - 16 free throws . Davis had 10 rebounds , three assists , four steals and three blocks , to go along with his ample scoring . Eric Gordon played well , shooting 8 - of - 15 and scoring 22 points . Ish Smith has been taking advantage of some extra minutes and contributed eight points , 11 assists , and four rebounds in 34 minutes off the bench . Ryan Anderson chipped in 10 points , five rebounds , four assists , and two blocks in 30 minutes off the bench . The Hawks have not missed a beat after last season 's playoff exit and are atop the East once again . Despite losing swingman DeMarre Carroll in the offseason , Kent Bazemore has since stepped in as starting small forward and has been fitting in just fine . Bazemore had 10 points , five rebounds , four assists , three steals , and one block Friday . Atlanta was led in scoring by Kyle Korver with 22 points and a 4 - of - 4 showing from deep , while Paul Millsap had 22 points to go with 11 rebounds . Jeff Teague led the team in assists with seven while scoring 19 points . The Hawks , just like last season , continued to move the ball very well and ended up with an impressive 30 team assists on 41 made field goals . The Hawks get right back to business Saturday , as the Washington Wizards come to town for a division battle . The Pelicans will also be right back in action Saturday when they visit the Dallas Mavericks .
The Boston Celtics took care of the New_Orleans Pelicans 111 - 93 on Monday night . The game was tied at 25 - 25 after the first quarter , but it was never close after that . The difference in the game was as simple as shooting , as the Celtics shot 50 percent from the field , while the Pelicans shot just 41 percent . New_Orleans came into this game with more talent and the Celtics came in with better teamwork and it 's clear that the teamwork prevailed here . The New_Orleans starters really killed this team as they were outscored by the Celtics starter 70 - 27 in the loss . Boston continues to surprise fans with their efficient play . They won this game in relatively easy fashion thanks to a great team effort . Isaiah Thomas once again led the team with 22 points and five assists . Jared Sullinger did grab a season - high 20 rebounds in the win and that 's a great sign after his recent struggles . Kelly Olynyk also had a good game off the bench , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds , three assists , two blocks and two steals in the victory . Boston will have a much better test when they host the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday in their next game . Anthony Davis scored 16 points , but aside from that , the rest of the starting - five was a nightmare on Monday . The other four starters combined for just 11 points and had a terrible plus - minus . Ryan Anderson had another nice game off the bench though , as he collected 18 points and nine rebounds in the loss . This is yet another 110 - plus points allowed and that 's been the issue all season long , as they rank dead - last in points allowed this season . New_Orleans will have a few days off to think about this terrible performance , when they host the Washington Wizards on Friday in their next scheduled game .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 21 - 13 ) held on for a road victory Thursday over the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 10 - 22 ) at the Smoothie King Center , 95 - 89 . Despite one of Chris Paul’s worst shooting games as a professional — 3 - 18 , including 0 - 4 from three - point land — the Clippers held on and extended their winning streak to five games . After trailing for most of the first half , the Clippers took a 50 - 48 lead late in the second quarter and trailed only for 17 seconds in the second half as they managed to stave off a late but futile New_Orleans run . J.J. Redick’s hot shooting night , including 9 - 15 from the field and 4 - 7 from three - point land , gave him 26 points to lead all scorers . Paul still scored nine points , grabbed five rebounds and dished out 12 assists despite his awful shooting night . DeAndre Jordan was a monster on the glass , as he grabbed 20 rebounds — including eight on the offensive end — and scored 11 points as he owned the paint in Blake Griffin’s absence . The Pelicans had six players finish in double figures , but Ryan Anderson was the only one to find his groove , as he led the club with 17 points on an efficient 7 - 11 shooting . Anthony Davis and Tyreke Evens scored 14 points each and Norris Cole scored 15 , but none managed to shoot 50 percent from the floor . The Pelicans shot 44 percent as a team and needed to be more accurate to overcome their rebounding disadvantage . The Clippers match up next with Philadelphia at home on Saturday . The Pelicans travel to Dallas for a Saturday date with the Mavericks .
After allowing a massive 38 points in the first quarter , the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 14 - 27 ) secured their third victory in four games with a 114 - 99 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 30 ) . Superstar Anthony Davis dropped in a game - high 35 points , helping propel the Pelicans to victory . Davis has flown under the radar in the Pelicans ' disappointing season , despite his impressive averages of 23 points , 11 rebounds , and 3 blocks per game . `` The Brow '' currently sits at fourth in the league in double - doubles this season , and has been a major part of New Orlean 's increasing success as of late . Point guard Jrue Holiday also exploded off the bench in the win over Minnesota , delivering 19 points and nine assists in 27 minutes of action . The former All-Star has averaged 18 points and 10 assists over his last three games while turning the ball over just four times in total . Minnesota 's season has deteriorated rapidly , as the team has now lost seven straight on the road . Rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns continues to be a bright spot in the Timberwolves ' unpleasant season . Towns has posted rookie - best averages of 16 points and 10 rebounds per game , numbers which he added to in New_Orleans . The rookie center tallied 20 points , 13 rebounds , a block and a steal in the loss to the Pelicans . Reigning Rookie of the Year Andrew Wiggins , meanwhile , led the team with 21 points and also grabbed three steals . The Timberwolves ' next matchup takes the team to Dallas , where they will face the Mavericks to round out a double - header on Monday . The Pelicans may see their luck tested , meanwhile , as they see the Pistons on Tuesday . Detroit is fresh off a blowout of the league - best Golden State Warriors .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 15 - 27 ) earned their fourth win in five games on Thursday , defeating the Detroit Pistons ( 23 - 20 ) 115 - 99 . After sitting at fourteenth in the Western Conference for over a month , the Pelicans have been able to turn things around , and now sit just 4 games out from the eighth seed . With the win , New_Orleans also improved to 10 - 9 at home on the season , placing them at above .500 at the Smoothie King Center for the first time in 2015 - 16 . Anthony Davis and Andre Drummond squared off in what proved to be a battle between big men on Thursday . Davis recorded a game - high 32 points , while Drummond poured in 19 points , pulled down 22 rebounds , and stole the ball four times . Despite Drummond 's high individual rebounding total , the two teams ended up dead even on the glass , with each squad grabbing 44 rebounds . Drummond also went 3 for 5 at the free - throw line just one day after setting the NBA record for missed free - throws after going 13 for 36 in Houston . Shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the Pistons in scoring with 23 points in a game - high 41 minutes . The 22 - year - old ranks third in the league in minutes per game , and Thursday 's matchup saw no deviation from that trend . For New_Orleans , meanwhile , shooting guard Tyreke Evans filled the stat sheet with a 22 - point , 10 - assist double - double . Evans also recorded four rebounds and two steals . Detroit will travel to Denver for a matchup against the Nuggets on Saturday . New_Orleans will also play on Saturday , continuing the team 's homestead with a visit from the Milwaukee Bucks .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 16 - 27 ) won for the fifth time in six games Saturday with a 116 - 99 victory against the Milwaukee Bucks ( 19 - 27 ) . New_Orleans , last season 's Western Conference eighth seed , has been slowly climbing out of the bottom of the standings since the start of the New Year . The win over Milwaukee puts the Pelicans just three games behind the Sacramento Kings in the conference playoff race . Per usual , the Pels owed a large portion of their success on Saturday to the play of superstar Anthony Davis . The fourth - year power forward failed to repeat his starting All-Star honors this season , but has quietly been averaging a double - double with 23 points per game . Davis 's game was nothing short of the ordinary on Saturday , as he posted 22 points while pulling down seven rebounds , dishing out five assists , and blocking four shots . It was forward Ryan Anderson , however , who led the team in scoring with 23 points while coming off the bench . Anderson converted an impressive 6 of 11 shots from beyond the three - point line . The Bucks are now facing a two - game slide after finally seeing a three - game stretch of good luck . Milwaukee currently sits at last in the central division and thirteenth in the Eastern Conference , just one year after a surprising appearance in the playoffs . The Bucks held advantages in rebounding , field - goal shooting , and free - throw shooting over the Pelicans , but were still blown out in large part due to an 18 - 8 disadvantage in the turnover department . Perimeter defense also posed a problem for the Bucks , as New_Orleans went an impressive 17 for 31 from beyond the arc . Milwaukee will have two days of rest before hosting the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . New_Orleans , meanwhile , will continue their homestand on Monday as they face the Houston Rockets at Smoothie King Center .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 28 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 35 ) 105 - 103 on Saturday thanks to Jrue Holiday 's late - second game - winner . This game had an exciting finish with both teams giving blows all the way down to the final whistle . Holiday hit a three - pointer with 10 seconds left to take a three - point lead , but Joe Johnson followed that with a game - tying three with six seconds left for the Nets . On the Pelicans ' next possession , Holiday fumbled the ball before regaining possession and hitting a wild fade away for the winning margin with one second left . The bench scoring was the big difference for New_Orleans , as they got 55 bench points to the Nets 24 . Brooklyn did a great job of hanging around in this game , but just couldn’t prevail late . Brook Lopez carried the Nets , as he tallied 33 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and four blocks in the loss . Thaddeus Young also had a nice game , as he amassed 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists in the defeat . This gave them their 13th loss in their last 15 games and it doesn’t get much easier against the Detroit Pistons on Monday in their next game . This gives New_Orleans seven wins in their last nine games and the “must - win” homestand is really helping this team back into the playoff hunt . Anthony Davis missed the last two games with a concussion , but played big here . While Davis started 0 - for - 9 from the field in the first half , he still finished with 20 points and 16 rebounds in 40 minutes of action . Holiday was great down the stretch , as he finished with 26 points and seven assists . Ryan Anderson also continued his recent hot stretch , as he accumulated 24 points , six rebounds and five assists in the win . Up next for New_Orleans is the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 41 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 31 ) 99 - 96 on Thursday . Throughout the course of this , his final season , 20 - year - veteran Kobe Bryant has certainly had his ups and downs . He 's gone through long stretches where he 's struggled with his shot , and due to his generally unremarkable numbers , his election to the All-Star team has been derided by some as a somewhat undeserved distinction . However , over the last three contests , Bryant has turned back the clock and resembled the legendary figure that has earned the many accolades he 's received throughout his retirement tour . His remarkable run continued Thursday , with the 37 - year - old registering a team - high 27 points , and adding 12 boards , two assists and two steals in leading Los_Angeles to only their fifth road victory of the season . The output followed a season - high 38 - point outburst against the Timberwolves on Tuesday , and a 23 - point effort in just 23 minutes against the Hornets last Sunday . The steady Jordan Clarkson followed Bryant 's performance with 18 points , five rebounds and two assists of his own . Julius Randle had a tough assignment against Anthony Davis , but did contribute 11 points , eight rebounds and three assists as the only other Lakers starter to post double - digit scoring . D'Angelo Russell stepped in off the bench to pace the reserves with 13 points , three rebounds and three assists , while Nick Young provided 11 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs in a Saturday night showdown . Anthony Davis unsurprisingly dominated a vulernable Lakers frontcourt throughout the night , tallying 39 points , 11 rebounds , a steal and a block . Bryce Dejean-Jones , who has been a revelation during Eric Gordon 's absence due to a finger injury , pitched in with 17 points , nine rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . His contributions were particularly relevant on a night when backcourt mate Norris Cole could only manage two points , two assists and two steals , and during which Davis was the only other starter to post double - digit points . Jrue Holiday was outstanding off the bench , supplying a near double - double in 34 minutes of action with 19 points , nine assists , a steal and a block . However , he missed an opportunity to send the game into overtime when he misfired on a 25 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer . Ryan Anderson was n't far behind with a productive effort of his own , totaling 17 points and four rebounds . The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Saturday night .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 36 - 34 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 25 - 43 ) 117 - 112 on Friday . A wild back - and - forth battle featured plenty of offensive fireworks , most coming from the ususal suspects on either squad . Portland 's dynamic duo of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum put together a pair of 30 - point - plus performances , while Jrue Holiday bounced back from a pair of lackluster games to hit that number as well . The fourth member of the 30 - point club was a Pelicans power forward , but not the one most likely to achieve the mark . It was notably Ryan Anderson , and not Anthony Davis , that accomplished the feat , in an outstanding 37 minutes off the bench . As has happened on multiple occasions this season , Davis was forced to exit the game early with an injury , suffering a left knee ailment that prevented him from taking the floor in the second half . Despite having held a lead as large as 20 points and not having to face Davis over the final two quarters , the Trail_Blazers were forced to fight until the final whistle , as the Pelicans mounted a furious comeback . Holiday 's clutch 26 - foot three - pointer with four seconds remaining kept things interesting until the very end , and it was n't until McCollum drained two subsequent free throws with one second remaining that Portland was able to breathe easy . Lillard 's 33 points paced the visitors , and he added eight rebounds , six assists and a block . McCollum followed closely behind with 30 points , six assists and three rebounds . Mason Plumlee was next among the starters with 11 points , six rebounds and four assists . Gerald Henderson paced the reserves with 19 points , six rebounds and a steal . Ed Davis was productive in a reserve role as well , posting a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . He added a pair of blocks and a steal . The Trail_Blazers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently in the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Dallas to face off with the Mavericks on Sunday . Holiday paced New_Orleans with 30 points , six assists , two rebounds and two steals . Davis managed 19 points and a rebound in only 14 minutes before exiting with his injury . Toney Douglas was productive in another start , totaling 12 points , six assists , a rebound and two steals . Anderson paced the reserves with his 30 - point scoring total , and added seven rebounds , three assists and a block . New_Orleans remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division and is 10 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They 're home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday .
The Miami Heat ( 41 - 29 ) took down the ailing New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 43 ) at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday , winning 113 - 99 . It was a big night for Miami 's veteran backcourt , as guards Dwyane Wade and Goran Dragic combined for 46 points . Wade led the team in scoring while also pulling down seven rebounds and committing just one turnover in 31 minutes of played . Dragic , meanwhile , added an impressive eight rebounds and five assists on top of his 21 points . The true star , however , was bench big man Hassan Whiteside , who delivered a massive 24 - point , 14 - rebound double - double while also swatting three shots . Miami has continued to climb in the standings despite the absence of All-Star Chris Bosh . The Heat have ascended to third in the East while their star struggles with recurring blood clots . New_Orleans , meanwhile , has been dealings with injury issues of its own . The struggling Pelicans took a major blow earlier this weak when it was announced that star forward Anthony Davis would miss the remainder of the 2015 - 16 season . A battered Pelicans team took the floor on Tuesday , with Dante Cunningham getting the nod at power forward . It was a tough night all - around , as the team shot just 39 percent . The injured squad did find a leader in point guard Jrue Holiday , who scored 24 points while recording seven assists and four steals . The Heat will go on to visit San Antonio on Wednesday , while New_Orleans will travel to Indiana on Thursday .
The powerhouse Toronto Raptors ( 49 - 23 ) made a mockery of the host New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 46 ) on Saturday night , winnning 115 - 91 . With the win , Toronto is now just one game away from the first 50 - win season in franchise history . The red - hot Raptors have held fast at second in the Eastern Conference , remaining just two games behind LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers . The Raps gave the rest of the league a reminder of their contender status on Saturday , absolutely eviscerating the shorthanded Pelicans . While star point guard Kyle Lowry went just 3 - for - 13 from the field on Saturday , Lowry 's fellow All-Star and backcourt partner in crime DeMar DeRozan picked up the slack . `` The Quadruple Capital '' shot an impressive 9 - for - 11 from the field en route to a team - high 23 points . It was n't just the stars that shone in New_Orleans , however , as the frontcourt of Luis Scola and Jonas Valanciunas contributed heavily to the win . Scola shot exclusively from behind the three - point line , going an impressive 4 - for - 5 . Valanciunas , meanwhile , pulled down nine boards and blocked a whopping five shots . With just 10 games remaining , the Raptors are poised to demolish their franchise high in wins and to be in play for the top spot in the conference . The Pelicans , meanwhile , remain decimated by injuries , with the latest and greatest of them all sidelining superstar Anthony Davis for the remainder of the season . Not a single member of the Pelicans original starting five suited up on Saturday , as each of them was dealing with various injuries . A brutally weakend starting lineup took the floor in New_Orleans , with career journeyman Alonzo Gee logging a team - high 41 minutes . As a whole , the team turned the ball over just seven times , an impressive feat against the stingy Toronto defense . Nevertheless , the team shot just 27 percent from deep and seemingly allowed everything on defense , as Toronto converted 53 percent of its shots . The Raptors will host the Thunder on Monday in a battle of two of the league 's top teams . The Pelicans , meanwhile , will see a less grueling matchup as they start next week off with a home game against the struggling Knicks .
The Detroit Pistons ( 20 ) won their second game in a row to start the regular season , defeating the Utah Jazz ( 0 - 1 ) 92 - 87 on Wednesday . The meeting stayed close wire - to - wire , and the Pistons held just a five - point lead at the start of the fourth quarter . Following a Gordon Hayward layup that put the Jazz up 87 - 86 with just 23 seconds left in the game , Detroit was able to counter quickly , as Reggie Jackson made a layup of his own with 17 seconds left that put the Pistons up for good . A pair of free throws from both Jackson and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ultimately sealed the deal for the home team in Auburn Hills . For the second game in a row to start the season , Andre Drummond led the way for the Pistons , recording a double - double of 18 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 8 - 11 FT ) and 10 rebounds on top of two blocks in 36 minutes . Drummond has recorded a total of 36 points and 29 rebounds to start the season and has clearly established himself as the focal point down low for this Pistons team following the departure of Greg Monroe . Reggie Jackson led all Pistons scorers Wednesday night , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) on top of four assists in 31 minutes . Caldwell-Pope ( 16 ) and Marcus Morris ( 14 ) were the other two Detroit starters to score in double figures , while rookie Stanley Johnson added 11 points and five rebounds of his own in 20 minutes off the bench . For the Jazz , Derrick Favors got off to a very strong start to the season and lead the way in the losing effort , scoring a game - high 26 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) and six rebounds in 35 minutes . Alec Burks served as a solid contributor off the bench , scoring 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) and grabbing six rebounds in 26 minutes . Rodney Hood , who started in favor of Burks at shooting guard , scored just 12 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 0 - 7 3Pt ) in 29 minutes , but managed to dish out a team - high six assists and grab four rebounds . Gordon Hayward rounds out the Utah players in double figures , scoring 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG ) in 35 minutes , while Rudy Gobert remained active on the boards and on defense , recording a team - high 12 rebounds and three blocks while managing just six points . Up next , the Pistons will stay at home to take on the Bulls Friday , while the Jazz will head to Philadelphia Friday to take on the 76ers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 30 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 2 - 1 ) 98 - 94 in overtime Friday . Both teams saw several established starters struggle mightily with their shots , and relied heavily on a narrow core of their starters for the bulk of the scoring as a result . The Bulls’ Derrick Rose was actually held scoreless until the fourth quarter , and finished with only eight points . The Pistons’ Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was similarly frustrated on offense , totaling only six points on 2 - for - 12 shooting . The Bulls were the beneficiaries of a third straight strong performance from power forward Nikola Mirotic , who tallied 22 points , including another three buckets from beyond the arc . Jimmy Butler paced the Bulls with a double - double that featured 23 points and 11 boards . Pau Gasol was the other main contributor on the night , posting a double - double of his own with 16 points and 12 rebounds . With three starters scoring 20 points or more and a trademark double - double from Andre Drummond , the Pistons were eventually able to pull away from the Bulls in the extra period . Drummond notched 20 points and complemented it with 11 rebounds , while Marcus Morris poured in a game - high 26 points on outstanding 67 percent shooting ( 10 - for - 15 ) from the field . Reggie Jackson posted his best performance of the young season as well , chipping in 22 points , seven assists , and seven boards . The loss dropped the Bulls to 2 - 1 and into second place behind the Pistons in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head home to face the Orlando Magic on Sunday . The win raised the Pistons record to a perfect 30 and keeps them in first place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They now enjoy a three - day break before their next contest , a home tilt against the Pacers next Tuesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 1 - 3 ) came away with their first victory of the season in Tuesday’s trip to the Palace of Auburn Hills , knocking off the previously undefeated Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 1 ) , 94 - 82 . The Pacers rode the strength of a 220 run in the second quarter to the win , which came after starting center Ian Mahinmi departed the game with a back injury . The frontcourt reserve trio of Jordan Hill , Myles Turner , and Lavoy Allen covered well for Mahinmi’s absence , combining for 20 points , 16 rebounds , and four blocks over 60 minutes . They weren’t the only contributors off the Indiana bench , which outscored its Detroit counterparts by a 43 - 2 margin . Backup guard Rodney Stuckey led the charge with 23 points against his former team . Paul George chipped in 16 points to go along with seven rebounds , five assists , and two steals . On the Detroit side , taking care of the ball proved to be a major issue . The Pistons finished with 23 turnovers against just 14 assists , with point guard Reggie Jackson ( six turnovers ) the most egregious offender . Andre Drummond also turned the ball over on four occasions , but more than made up for it with a super - size double - double of 25 points ( 12 - for - 17 shooting ) and a career - high 29 rebounds . He’s now averaging a Chamberlain-esque 20 boards over the Pistons’ four games . Indiana will head back home for a matchup with the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while Detroit gets a two - day break before heading out to Phoenix for a game Friday against the Suns .
The Washington Wizards ( 6 - 4 ) escaped with a 97 - 95 victory over the Detroit Pistons ( 7 - 6 ) on Saturday . This was a spectacular game from start to finish , as it was nip - and - tuck throughout . The only major differential in the stat sheet were the steal totals , as Washington had 10 compared to Detroit 's three . The benches were also a big difference in the game , as the Wizards got 51 bench points while the Pistons got just 15 . If this does end up being a playoff matchup down the line , it would be a heck of a series . The Wizards didn’t get their best performances from John Wall and Bradley Beal , but the “others” played well here and carried them to a win . In fact , Wall and Beal combined for just 15 points , seven assists , three rebounds and three steals in the win . This was Beal 's first game in two weeks after sufffering a shoulder injury , so ithe poor game is nothing to be concerned with . The two best players for Washington on this night were Nene Hilario and Ramon Sessions . Nene tallied 18 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win , while going 9 - for - 10 from the field . Sessions was great as well , as he totaled 14 points , nine assists and four rebounds off the bench . This is a deeper team than in years past and that may be exactly what they need to be successful . The Wizards will look to keep up their winning ways against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday . The Pistons played all their starters at least 32 minutes and they fell just short on Saturday . Every starter scored at least 16 points , except for Andre Drummond who tallied eight points and 13 rebounds in the defeat . The Pistons best player on this night was Marcus Morris , who collected 18 points , nine rebounds and four assists in the loss . Reggie Jackson contributed 20 points and nine assists , but committed six turnovers in an up - and - down performance . This was a tough loss , but it 's a good sign to see them compete so hard with the Eastern Conference elite . The Pistons will look to bounce - back against the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 11 - 9 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 7 - 13 ) 102 - 95 on Friday . The game featured another entertaining showdown between two of the best rebounding centers in the NBA , Greg Monroe and Andre Drummond . Monroe posted a second double - double in two tries against his former Pistons teammates , tallying 14 points and 13 rebounds . However , Drummond responded with 17 points and a massive 23 boards . Despite the Detroit big man 's individual statistical superiority over his former frontcourt mate , Milwaukee easily won the overall battle down low , tallying 50 points in the paint ( compared to Detroit 's 34 ) and outrebounding them 51 to 46 . The Bucks were led by Khris Middleton 's 21 points , and the Milwaukee guard added five rebounds and three assists . O.J. Mayo bounced back from a nightmarish two - point performance Wednesday to total a season - high 13 points , along with five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Giannis Antetokounmpo came within a rebound of a double - double , collecting 12 points and hauling in nine boards . Jerryd Bayless ironically could not muster the same type of production in a start as compared to when he comes off the bench , totaling nine points , five assists and three rebounds . Jabari Parker paced the Bucks ' bench , amassing 10 points and five rebounds . Milwaukee fell to 7 - 13 and remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home for a Saturday showdown with Knicks . In addition to Drummond 's mammoth outing , the Pistons greatly benefited from a pair of 23 - point efforts from Reggie Jackson and Marcus Morris . The former complemented his scoring with five assists , a rebound and a steal , while the latter added to his second consecutive 20 - point performance with four rebounds , three assists and a steal . Veteran forward Ersan Ilyasova , apparently beginning to hit his stride offensively , posted his third consecutive double - digit scoring game ( 13 points ) . Stanley Johnson led the Pistons reserves with 10 points . Detroit improved to 11 - 9 but remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home for a date with the Lakers on Sunday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 13 - 10 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 12 - 11 ) Wednesday 93 - 92 at The Palace of Auburn Hills in Detroit . The Pistons thought they had this game won . Up three with 30 seconds remaining and the Grizzlies struggling to score over the final few minutes of the game , a victory was in their grasp . However , with the Grizzlies down just two following Marcus Morris missed jumper with five seconds left , Matt Barnes grabbed the rebound , dribbled the length of the floor and threw up a long 31 - foot three with under two seconds left . Memphis had won . While Barnes ended up being the hero , it was the efforts of Zach Randolph that carries the Grizzlies through the game , as he finished with a monster double - double of 21 points and 16 points in 35 minutes . Marc Gasol added a double - double of his own , finishing with 19 points and 12 rebounds . Mike Conley ( 11 ) and Courtney Lee ( 14 ) were the only other Memphis players to score in double figures . For the Pistons , it was another night and another Andre Drummond double - double , as he finished with 18 points and a game - high 19 rebounds in 37 minutes . Reggie Jackson matched Drummond’s 18 points and dished out seven assists , while Morris scored 16 points . Steven Blake scored a surprising 11 points in just 16 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Grizzlies will head home Friday to take on the Hornets , while the Pistons will travel to Philadelphia to play the 76ers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 15 - 12 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 14 - 12 ) Wednesday 119 - 116 at The Palace in Auburn Hills in Detroit . The teams went wire - to - wire , exchanging blow after blow in the second half . However , with just over two minutes to go in the game , the Pistons were able to open up a seven - point lead that the Celtics were simply unable to come back from . For Detroit , it was Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's night , as the shooting guard out of Georgia scored a team - high 31 points in 44 minutes while shooting 10 - of - 16 from the field . Reggie Jackson also had an efficient night , scoring 23 points in just 28 minutes , while Andre Drummond recorded yet another double - double , finishing with 16 points and 12 rebounds in 35 minutes . The Pistons ' starting five carried the team the whole night , as they managed to score 92 of the teams 119 points . For the Celtics , they got a career - night from point guard Isaiah Thomas , who finished with a career - high 38 points and seven assists in 38 minutes . Unfortunately for the team , they were unable to get enough from their other guys despite Thomas ' constant heroics . Jared Sullinger continues to have his most effecive season yet , as he recorded a double - double of 17 points and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes , while Amir Johnson finished with 11 points in 21 minutes . Tyler Zeller was the fourth and final Celtic to score in double figures , recording 12 points in just 10 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Pistons will head to Chicago Friday to take on the Bulls , while the Celtics will head home Friday to play the Hawks .
The Detroit Pistons ( 18 - 15 ) rolled over the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 21 ) 115 - 90 on Thursday night . The Timberwolves started off the game up by seven points after the first quarter , but it was all downhill after that . In fact , the Pistons outscored the Wolves 100 - 68 over the final 36 minutes . The game got to an 11 - point deficit in the fourth , but the Pistons starters came in and went on a 140 run to put the game way out of hand . The rebounding was the big difference , as Detroit snatched down 52 to Minnesota 's 36 boards . Minnesota has been struggling recently and this game showed why . They were dominated in the second and fourth quarters , which are the decisive quarters in any NBA game . They were actually outscored by 32 points combined in those two quarters . Karl-Anthony Towns , Andrew Wiggins and Shabazz Muhammad all played well , but no one else did anything . In fact , those three combined for 58 points with no other player scoring in double - figures . Towns was their best player , as he tallied 23 points and nine rebounds in the loss . The Timberwolves will look to bounce - back in their next game on Saturday against the Milwaukee Bucks . The Pistons have been one of the best rebounding teams in the league this season and that carried them to a win here . Most notably , Andre Drummond brought down another 18 rebounds to compliment his 23 points . Reggie Jackson also played well in just 27 minutes of action , providing 19 points and nine assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope also continued his breakout season , as he amassed 22 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals as well . This is a dangerous team at home , as they are now 11 - 5 at the Palace . Detroit’s next game will be on Saturday against the Indiana Pacers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 19 - 17 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 16 ) 115 - 89 on Monday night . Despite Detroit winning every quarter , this game was tight until the fourth quarter . The Pistons outscored the Magic 27 - 15 in the final 12 minutes and made the scoreline look far worse than it actually was . Rebounding has been key for the Pistons all season and that won them the game here , as the snatched down 54 boards to the Magic 's 30 . The starters were a key as well , as Detroit 's starters scored 75 points to Orlando 's 47 . That now makes Detroit 12 - 5 at the Palace and they 're becoming one of the best home teams in the NBA . The Magic came into this game with Elfrid Payton injured and it clearly hampered them here . With no other legitimate point guard on the roster , the team had a hard time finding an offensive rhythm in a tough matchup . With that said , Victor Oladipo stepped in as the starting point guard and had one of his best all - around games of the season . He tallied 18 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two steals in the loss . No other starter recorded more than three rebounds or three assists and it was just an ugly performance from Orlando . The Magic will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the Indiana Pacers in their next game . Detroit has been blitzing teams at home all season and they did just that on Monday . What was so great about this win was the performance of Brandon Jennings . This is just Jennings fourth game of the year after suffering a torn Achilles last season and he was spectacular , scoring 17 points and dishing out seven assists in just 18 minutes . It will be interesting to see what Stan Van Gundy does with this rotation with the breakout play of Reggie Jackson and the resurgence of Jennings . All five starters scored in double - figures here , despite having their minutes limited in the blowout . Andre Drummond also put in a 17 - point double - double and would have approached yet another 20 - 20 game if this fixture didn’t get so out of hand late . Detroit 's next game will be on the road on Wednesday against the Boston Celtics .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 34 - 6 ) extended their winning streak to nine with a victory Wednesday over the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 17 ) at The Palace of Auburn Hills , 109 - 99 . The Spurs exploded for a 29 - 19 second quarter to take a nine - point halftime lead , a lead they would hold for the rest of the game . San_Antonio point guard Tony Parker had scored 20 points just three times all season , but he exploded for a season - high 31 points on a brilliant 13 - 19 shooting to lead the Spurs to victory . Parker was supported by a double - double from power forward LaMarcus Aldridge , who dropped 22 points and grabbed 13 rebounds . Manu Ginobili came off the bench to score an efficient 15 points ( 5 - 12 shooting ) and collect five rebounds in 27 minutes . The Spurs shot a healthy 41 - 85 ( 48 percent ) from the field despite an off game from Kawhi Leonard ( seven points , 1 - 7 shooting ) . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope knocked down four three - pointers and led the Pistons with 25 points in the losing effort . Andre Drummond picked up his fourth double - double in the past five games with 17 points and 10 rebounds , and backup big man Aron Baynes scored 15 points and grabbed nine rebounds in just 19 minutes . The Pistons shot poorly , however - - 42 percent from the floor and just 6 - 23 ( 26 percent ) from three - - and were n't able to overcome the Spurs efficient attack . San_Antonio returns home from the two - game road trip Friday to take on the Cavaliers . Detroit will head on the road to Memphis for a Friday night contest .
The Chicago Bulls ( 24 - 16 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 22 - 19 ) 111 - 101 on Monday . Ball movement was the difference in the game , as Chicago recorded 28 assists to the Pistons ' 18 . That obviously leads to better shooting , which can be emphasized by the fact that the Bulls shot 52 percent to the Pistons 44 . Detroit was also horrendous from long distance as they went just 5 - for - 26 in the loss . The Bulls came into this game losing four of their last five and this was a much needed win against some good competition . Pau Gasol carried the team on his back , as he collected 31 points and 12 rebounds in a spectacular game . Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler combined for 36 points and 13 assists as well . The bench was one of the keys though , as they got 10 assists from Aaron Brooks and nearly doubled up the scoring of the Pistons bench . Up next for Chicago is one of its toughest games of the year , as they host the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday . The Pistons got off to a nice start in this game , but couldn’t get anything going after that . They scored 32 points in the first quarter , but were outscored in every quarter after that . The bench was a huge letdown , as the five players combined for just 18 points and seven rebounds in the loss . All five starters did score in double - figures , but it ' just too difficult to win with the bench doing so little . Andre Drummond was their best player tonight per usual , as he tallied 13 points and 16 rebounds in another great game . Ersan Ilyasova also put in a double - double and he 's been a great surprise for this Detroit team all year . The Pistons will travel to Houston on Wednesday for their next game against the Rockets .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 33 - 12 ) took down the Detroit Pistons ( 25 - 22 ) , 114 - 106 , on Friday in the fourth game of the Tyronn Lue era . The conference - leading Cavs have had three big wins in a row after blowout losses to the Golden State Warriors and the Chicago Bulls . Big man Kevin Love proved to be a major factor once again for Cleveland , as he led the team with 29 points . All-Stars Kyrie Irving and LeBron James also saw significant contributions in the points column , posting 28 and 20 respectively . The Cavs ended up winning the game at the free - throw line , where they shot a whopping 27 for 29 , and on the boards , where they held a 47 - 39 rebounding advantage and held league leader Andre Drummond to just eight . The loss snapped a brief two - game streak for the Pistons . The young team has seen a significant improvement over last season , in which they found themselves in the lottery yet again . Center Andre Drummond was named to his first All-Star team on Thursday , and led the team with 20 points against the Cavaliers . Drummond also recorded three blocks on the defensive end , despite an unusually low total on the boards . Shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope also contributed significantly , dropping in 19 points on the night . Detroit will travel to Toronto on Saturday . Meanwhile , Cleveland will be playing host to the historic San Antonio Spurs .
The Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 32 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 27 ) 103 - 92 on Wednesday night . A 14 - 2 run in the fourth quarter was the decisive moment for the Nuggets in their victory . Denver held Detroit to just 39 points in the second half and allowed them to shoot only seven free - throws in the game . The benches were a huge difference as well , with the Nuggets bench scoring 46 points to the Pistons 25 . Denver 's goal was to start the month with four wins before the All-Star break and they did just that with this victory . The two leading scorers for the Nuggets came off the bench , as Will Barton scored 20 and Jusuf Nurkic scored 16 in a double - double . Danilo Gallinari and Emmanuel Mudiay gave the team some nice all - around performances , as they combined for 29 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists and four steals in the win . Denver will be off until the 19th when they play the Sacramento Kings after the All-Star break . Detroit had to play this game without Reggie Jackson and it clearly hurt them late . Jackson is one of the leading scorers in the final five minutes of games and the Pistons were completely shut down for a long stretch in the fourth quarter . Marcus Morris scored a team - leading 19 points while also grabbing six rebounds in the defeat . Andre Drummond played a great defensive game , as he tallied 15 points , 17 rebounds , five blocks and three steals in the loss . The Pistons wo n't play again until the 19th when they take on the Washington Wizards after the All-Star break .
The Detroit Pistons ( 32 - 31 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 31 ) 123 - 103 on Sunday . Detroit was angry after losing to the New York Kicks on Saturday and they really put it to the Blazers . They got out to a scorching start , as they led 30 - 16 after the first quarter . The Pistons shot 52 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range in the win . They also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 rebounds to the Blazers 31 . This marks the third - straight loss for the Trail_Blazers and skeptics wonder if this is regression finally hitting this surprise team . Damian Lillard had another great game , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and five assists in the defeat . C.J. McCollum had the only other notable stat line , as he amassed 22 points and five assists . Portland will look to bounce back on Tuesday against the Washington Wizards in their next scheduled game . All five Detroit starters scored in double figures and it was a great team win for a team battling to get into the playoffs . Reggie Jackson was especially good , as he finished with 30 points and nine assists in the win . Andre Drummond was a beast once again , as he amassed 14 points and 18 rebounds . Tobias Harris accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and five assists as well . The Pistons will look to say above .500 against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday in their next game .
The Detroit Pistons ( 36 - 34 ) defeated the visiting Brooklyn Nets ( 19 - 50 ) 115 - 103 , at The Palace of Auburn Hills , Saturday . This was the second game of a back - to - back for the Pistons but that has not been a problem for them at all , as they have now won their last six games on the second night of a back - to - back . This was an important win for the Pistons as they remain in competition for the eighth spot in the East . The Nets put up a good fight but the Pistons were more determined down the stretch as they scored 38 points in the final quarter to seal the deal and improve their home record to an impressive 21 - 12 . Seven players scored in double digits for Detroit , as the bench chipped in 52 points to help get over the hump on the second night of a back - to - back . Aron Baynes finished with a team - high 21 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , one assist and one blocked shot , in only 18 minutes off the bench . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope tied a career - high with eight assists , to go along with 11 points and four rebounds , in 39 minutes , while Stanley Johnson finished with 10 points , seven rebounds , six assists and four steals , in 31 minutes off the bench . The Pistons totaled 30 assists on 46 made field goals , while giving up only eight turnovers . Despite shooting 53 percent from the field , the Nets could not find the momentum to get passed the Pistons . The Nets have now lost five in a row on the road and 14 of 17 overall . Thaddeus Young led the way for Brooklyn , with 24 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds , two assists , two blocked shots and one steal , in 26 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for Brooklyn , including Bojan Bogdanovic , who finished with 19 points , along with five rebounds and two assists , in 33 minutes . Sean Kilpatrick chipped in 15 points and two rebounds , in 21 minutes off the bench . Brook Lopez sat this one out with an illness . The Nets now have a couple days rest before they host the Hornets on Tuesday . The Pistons will host the Bucks on Monday , in what will be the fourth game of a nine - game home stand for Detroit .
In a matchup with major implications for the Eastern Conference playoffs , the surging Atlanta Hawks ( 44 - 30 ) took down the host Detroit Pistons ( 39 - 35 ) 112 - 95 . Atlanta has now won eight of its last nine contests and holds a full game lead over the Boston Celtics for third in the Eastern Conference . The Hawks looked like the dominant team the league saw in 2014 - 15 in Detroit , as they were able to handily blow out a playoff contender . Atlanta recorded a whopping 34 team assists and even more impressively turned the ball over just four times as a unit . The absolutely unheard of ball security allowed Atlanta to control the game despite a 54 - 39 rebounding deficit . Players across the Hawks roster got involved , as all five starters and three bench players scored in double - digits . The near - perfect team play will likely bode well for Atlanta as the season comes to a close . Detroit , meanwhile , is left battling division rival Chicago for the last playoff spot in the East . The Pistons remain two games up on the spot , but have seven contests remaining before they are home free . All-Star Andre Drummond had a big 19 points and 17 rebounds on Saturday , but could n't do enough get the job done against the red - hot Hawks . The Pistons shot just 39 percent from the field , struggling to find their shot all night . Detroit will host the Thunder on Tuesday , whlie Atlanta will visit Chicago on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 40 - 35 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 52 - 23 ) Tuesday night at the Palace of Auburn Hills , 88 - 82 . With the Thunder now locked into the Western Conference 's third position , Oklahoma_City took the opportunity to rest Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka . Their offense clearly suffered in their absence , as the Thunder committed more turnovers ( 19 ) than assists ( 16 ) and scored a meager nine points in the third quarter , which allowed Detroit to turn a 48 - 46 halftime deficit into a 71 - 57 lead heading into the fourth quarter , more than enough to stave off a final push from the Thunder . Marcus Morris scored 24 points on an efficient shooting night ( 9 - 13 FG , 1 - 1 3PT , 5 - 5 FT ) to lead the Pistons . Tobias Harris scored 17 ( 6 - 14 FG ) and added seven rebounds and three assists . Andre Drummond added his league - leading 62nd double - double with 13 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) and 15 rebounds . Detroit shot just 4 - 19 ( 21 percent ) from three - point land and 38 percent overall , but they pulled down 16 offensive rebounds to produce just enough offense to win . The scoring load for the Thunder fell squarely on Russell Westbrook 's shoulders , as he hoisted up 28 shots and tied Morris 's game - high 24 points ( 8 - 28 FG , 2 - 8 3PT , 6 - 9 FT ) . Enes Kanter added a double - double with 14 points and 14 rebounds ( six offensive ) , but not a single other Thunder player reached double figures . Oklahoma_City shot just 38 percent from the floor and missed eight free throws ( 14 - 22 , 64 percent ) as they clearly missed Durant 's presence . The Pistons next host the Mavericks on Friday . The Thunder return home to host the Clippers on Thursday .
The Miami Heat ( 48 - 33 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 43 - 38 ) 99 - 93 on Tuesday night . The Heat came in to the contest with a chance to improve their chances for better playoff positioning , as a win would put them one step closer to potentially moving all the way up to the third seed by season 's end . They did their part against Detroit , which was missing starting point guard Reggie Jackson due to an abdominal strain . However , Miami was also short - handed , with rookie Justise Winslow out with an ankle injury . All five members of the Heat first unit made key contributions to the victory , with veteran Joe Johnson spearheading the charge with 25 points , five assists , two rebounds and two steals . Miami had a solid night from the field overall , tallying a 49 percent success rate . Luol Deng followed Johnson 's team - leading effort with a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists . Goran Dragic managed 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Hassan Whiteside supplied 14 points , nine boards , three blocks and two steals , while Dwyane Wade matched the big man 's point total and also pitched in four rebounds and three assists . The Heat are now atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the third seed as well . However , they face off with the fifth - seeded Boston Celtics in TD Garden on Wednesday night , a game that will determine final playoff positioning for both clubs . Detroit was paced by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who compiled 17 points , three rebounds and three steals . Tobias Harris and Marcus Morris followed with a pair of 16 - point efforts . The former added nine rebounds and an assist , while the latter supplied four rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Steve Blake , who garnered the start in Jackson 's absence , pitched in with 10 points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal . Andre Drummond was only able to tally a modest nine points , but did haul in 18 rebounds and recorded a pair of steals and a block . The Pistons are in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 've clinched the eighth seed in the conference and will close out the season at Cleveland on Wednesday night .
The Raptors used a second - half rally to avoid an upset , defeating the Pacers 106 - 99 in the season opener Wednesday night in Toronto . After trailing by as many as 16 points in the second quarter , the Raptors outscored the Pacers 35 - 23 in the third . Indiana fought back to tie the game 93 - 93 late in the fourth , but clutch shooting by DeMar DeRozan helped Toronto seal the game . DeRozan finished with a game - high 25 points with six assists and five rebounds . Pacers all - star forward Paul George started the game off slow , but looked like his old self in the second half . He nearly recorded a triple - double with 17 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists over 37 minutes . Indiana 's big offseason acquisition , Monta Ellis , did n't make his presence felt in his Pacers debut . The sharpshooter went 3 - 11 from the field and 0 - 1 from distance , finishing with just nine points and six assists in the loss . The lone bright spot was the three - point shooting of George Hill and C.J. Miles , who combined for 9 - of - 15 shooting from beyond the arc . DeMarre Carroll signed a four - year contract with the Raptors this offseason to provide energy - - and he did just that Wednesday - - scoring 14 points with eight rebounds and four assists while playing shutdown defense for 41 minutes . Center Jonas Valenciunas started off the season with a big double - double with 21 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting and 15 rebounds . The Raptors showed a lot of resilience , hanging on for the victory despite shooting 69 percent from the charity stripe . The Pacers will head home and host the Grizzlies on Thursday , while the Raptors will head to Boston for a showdown with the Celtics on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 9 ) avoided losing their fifth straight by beating the Toronto Raptors ( 11 - 7 ) by a score of 107 - 102 , Sunday , in Toronto . The loss also ended Toronto 's four game winning streak . Both teams were missing their starting centers as Jonas Valanciunas ( hand ) and Tyson Chandler ( knee ) were both out . The Suns led 81 - 72 heading into the fourth but a late surge from Toronto brought them within buzzer - beater range , although this night , the second of a back - to - back , they could not get it done . DeMar DeRozan had a great game for the Raptors , scoring a season high 29 points on 11 - 20 shooting , along with seven assists and three rebounds in 37 minutes . Kyle Lowry continued his strong play as well , with 17 points , eight rebounds and five assists . DeMarre Carroll posted 20 points on 8 - 13 shooting , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Toronto will ultimately need more help from the bench if they want to have any great success this season , DeRozan , Lowry and Carroll can not do it alone , although Valanciunas has been missed . Phoenix had three bench players score 15 or more points ; quite the contrary to Torontos who had no bench players score in double digits . Mirza Teletovic was raining threes , shooting 6 - 7 from deep and finishing with 20 points , two rebounds and one assist , in only 18 minutes off the bench . T.J. Warren posted a double double with 15 points and 11 rebounds on 7 - 13 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench . Eric Bledsoe led the way for the Suns with a big 20 points , 11 assists , five rebounds and three blocked shots , including one potentially game - saving block in the last few seconds . Phoenix will be playing in Brooklyn Tuesday for the second game of their current six game road trip . Toronto will be in Atlanta Wednesday for a big Eastern Conference match up .
The Raptors ( 14 - 9 ) squeezed out a 97 - 94 victory over the Spurs ( 18 - 5 ) at Air Canada Centre on Wednesday . The Raptors held a three - point lead into the final possession following a basket from Kawhi Leonard , but a huge offensive rebound by DeMar DeRozan after a Kyle Lowry miss helped give Toronto the win . The loss for San_Antonio snapped a four - game win streak and Leonard , who was questionable to play due to an illness , finished with just nine points and seven rebounds . It was only a matter of time before the Spurs would crack and perhaps their downfall was due to no one truly stepping up and taking the reins . By the end of the game , 11 players had scored for San_Antonio , but Manu Ginobili led the way with 17 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) over 25 minutes off the bench . Tim Duncan returned to the lineup after getting the night off Monday against the 76ers , scoring eight points in 20 minutes . The Spurs really struggled from beyond the arc , finishing 7 - of - 26 to a tune of 27 percent in the game . DeRozan not only sealed the win with a big board , but had one of his best offensive performances of the season , scoring a game - high 28 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 8 - 8 FT ) to go along with six assists and four rebounds in 37 minutes . He stuck to what has made him a successful scorer , taking high - percentage shots while working his way to the free throw line consistently . Playing with a short bench with DeMarre Carroll sidelined again , the Raptors got a big boost from Luis Scola , who finished with 16 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) while pulling down eight rebounds over 33 minutes . The Raptors continue their six - game homestand Friday against the Bucks ; the Spurs head back to San_Antonio for a date with the Lakers .
The Toronto Raptors ( 20 - 13 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 14 - 16 ) 94 - 91 on Wednesday . The Wizards have considerably struggled throughout the season defending opposing shooting guards . This surprisingly held true when Bradley Beal , who has a good reputation on the defensive side of the ball , was healthy , and has persisted while he 's been sidelined over the last two - plus weeks with a lower leg problem . The deficiency reared its ugly head again Wednesday against one of the top two - guards in the NBA . DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 34 points , and added six rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . He drained 17 of those in the first half , a total that partially consisted of a perfect 8 - for - 8 performance at the free - throw line . He preserved the pristine effort from the charity stripe in the second half , finishing 15 - for - 15 for the game . The visitors were led by Otto Porter , Jr. , who tallied 20 points , nine rebounds and a pair of assists , his second straight 20 - point - plus outing . John Wall followed with yet another double - double , managing 19 points and adding 11 assists . He also produced seven rebounds , five steals and a block in a terrific all - around effort . It was Wall 's seventh straight double - double , as he continued his stellar play during Beal 's extended absence . Jared Dudley ( 17 points ) and Marcin Gortat ( 12 points , nine rebounds ) also made solid contributions , while Ramon Sessions was highly efficient in pacing the Wizards bench with 11 points , seven rebounds and four assists . The Wizards dropped to 14 - 16 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They will head home to face the Orlando Magic on New Year 's Day . With respect to the Raptors starters , it was essentially DeRozan and not a whole lot else . Kyle Lowry ( 11 point , six assists , three rebounds , two steals ) was the only other front - line player that amassed double - digit scoring , while Terrence Ross and Bismack Biyombo were both outstanding off the bench . Ross collected 14 points and six rebounds while Biyombo produced a double - double in his first game back in a reserve role , tallying 12 points and hauling in 12 boards . The man that he 'd been replacing while he healed from a broken hand , Jonas Valanciunas , posted eight points and nine rebounds . The Raptors improved to 20 - 13 and continue atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a New Year 's Day showdown against the Charlotte Hornets .
The Toronto Raptors ( 26 - 15 ) used a big fourth quarter to hold home court Monday night against the Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 31 ) at Air Canada Centre , Toronto trailed by three entering the fourth quarter the game remained tight until the final six minutes , when the Raptors defense clamped down on the Nets . After tying the game at 98 - 98 with 6:11 to go in the game , the Nets went ice cold and did n't score for the next 4:33 . By then , the Raptors had rattled off 14 straight points and had sealed the victory . Kyle Lowry caught fire , as he shot 10 - 13 from the floor and a ludicrous 7 - 9 from three - point land to finish with 31 points to go with eight assists and three steals . DeMar DeRozan scored 30 ( 12 - 25 shooting ) and added five assists as part of Toronto 's one - two punch . Toronto shot over 50 percent from the field ( 43 - 85 ) and three - point land ( 13 - 24 ) and the offensive onslaught was too much for the Nets to bear . Brook Lopez dominated inside as he led the Nets with 29 points ( 13 - 22 shooting ) , 10 rebounds and a pair of blocked shots . Joe Johnson had a hot shooting night ( 9 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 3PT ) and chipped in 22 points and seven assists . The Nets shot well inside ( 55 percent on two - point shots ) but made just five three - pointers compared to Toronto 's 13 . The Raptors draw the Celtics on Wednesday as they continue a homestand against Eastern Conference opponents . The Nets return home for a Wednesday date against Cleveland .
The Toronto Raptors ( 29 - 15 ) recorded their eighth consecutive win Sunday with a 112 - 94 victory against the visiting Los_Angeles Clippers ( 28 - 16 ) . Seven Raptors scored in double figures , led by Kyle Lowry 's 21 points , as Toronto moved to within one game of matching its franchise - long winning streak set in 2001 - 2 . Jonas Valanciunas added 20 and DeMar DeRozan had 18 points . Terrence Ross matched the latter with 18 off the bench as Toronto 's resevers came up big . Corey Joseph had 12 points while Patrick Patterson and Bismack Biyombo both scored 10 . Ross was 5 of 7 from three - point range to pace the reserves , who outscored the Clippers ' bench , 51 - 29 . The Raptors , who also took two games this season from the Lakers , swept the season season series from the Clippers , marking the first time in franchise history they have swept both Los_Angeles teams in a season . Chris Paul totaled 23 points and 11 assists to lead the Clippers , who jumped to a 13 - point first - quarter advantage before faltering . DeAndre Jordan finished with 15 points and 13 rebounds while JJ Redick added 17 points . The Clippers ' bench , though , could n't match Toronto 's as the resevers were held to 39 percent shooting from the field , including 2 of 10 from three - point range .
The Toronto Raptors ( 36 - 18 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 32 - 23 ) 98 - 85 on Sunday . The 13 - point margin is not indicative of how this game was played , as it was a close grinder throughout . The Raptors ended the game on an 8 - 1 run and really stifled the Grizzlies late . Both teams struggled from the field , with Toronto shooting 41 percent , with Memphis shooting 37 percent on their end . The Raptors actually held the Grizzlies starters to just 33 points in the win . Memphis came into this game as a sizable underdog and just couldn’t muster up enough offense to hang around . Zach Randolph was the only starter who played well , as he amassed 18 points and six rebounds in the defeat . The bench was very good though , as Lance Stephenson , Vince Cater and Mario Chalmers all scored between 16 and 17 points . The Grizzlies next game will be much easier , as they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . Toronto played their first home game in nearly a month and didn’t disappoint . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 21 points , while going 9 - for - 10 from the free - throw line . Kyle Lowry tallied 18 points , seven assists and four rebounds in the victory . Patrick Patterson and Cory Joseph gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as they totaled 25 points and 12 rebounds between the two . On deck for Toronto is a matchup versus the New York Knicks on Monday in the back end of a back - to - back set .
The Toronto Raptors ( 38 - 18 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 18 - 40 ) 114 - 105 , on Wednesday night at Air Canada Center . The Raptors avoided a second collapse against the Timberwolves this season by clamping down in the fourth quarter . The Timberwolves overcame an 18 - point deficit on February 10th , to defeat the Raptors in Minnesota but the Raptors would not allow a repeat , especially not on their home turf , where their record is now a solid 20 - 6 . This was the Raptors third win in a row and marked a franchise - tying ninth straight home victory for Toronto . The Raptors led by as many as nine in the fourth quarter before Minnesota tied it up at 101 with 3:48 to go . This all too familiar circumstance must have ignited Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan , who went into clutch mode , hitting two three - pointers each , combining for 12 points in the last three and a half minutes . Lowry really helped Toronto get over the hump in this one as he scored 12 of his 21 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) in the final quarter . Lowry also tallied six assists and three rebounds , in 39 hard fought minutes . DeMar DeRozan poured in a game - high 31 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , along with four rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 38 minutes . Cory Joseph finished with 18 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , six assists and two rebounds in 22 minutes off the bench . Andrew Wiggins led the Timberwolves with a team - high 26 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 9 FT ) , along with four rebounds and three assists . He did however give up an unsightly six turnovers , in his 32 minutes on the floor . Ricky Rubio logged a double - double with 12 points and 12 assists , along with three rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes , while Gorgui Dieng chipped in 21 points ( 8 - 9 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) , eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks and a steal . Dieng played 41 minutes , as he started in place of Kevin Garnett , who sat out with a sore knee . Karl-Anthony Towns , who has averaged 24 points and 13 rebounds in his last six games was relatively quiet , as he finished with 16 points and six rebounds , in 37 minutes . Next , the Timberwolves will visit New Orleans to face - off against the Pelicans on Saturday . The Raptors will host the Cavaliers on Friday , in what will be a showdown between the top two teams in the East .
The Toronto Raptors ( 39 - 18 ) defeated the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers ( 41 - 16 ) 99 - 97 , Friday night at Air Canada Center . The Raptors came into this one three games behind the Cavs for first place in the East and made a statement by grinding out a win after trailing by 14 with four minutes left in the third . DeMar DeRozan had a tough game , starting 0 - 10 from the field before leaving mid - way through the third with flu - like symptoms . Kyle Lowry then put the team on his shoulders , scoring 16 of his career - high 43 points in the fourth quarter . With Lowry 's help the Raptors outscored the Cavs 31 - 20 in the final quarter . This win means that Toronto takes the three - game season series against Cleveland , 2 - 1 . Toronto has now won 18 of its last 21 games and four in a row . This win marks a single - season , franchise - high , 10th straight home victory for Toronto and improves their home record to 21 - 6 . DeRozan actually returned to the game midway through the fourth quarter , where he scored his only bucket of the game , contributing to a 90 run by Toronto that tied the game with three minutes left . DeRozan finished with six points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 32 minutes . Kyle Lowry was lights out as he tallied a career - high 43 points on 15 - of - 20 shooting from the field , including 2 - 5 from deep and 11 - 15 free throws . He also contributed nine assists , five rebounds and four steals , in 43 minutes . Terrence Ross chipped in 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , two rebounds and one assist , in 27 minutes off the bench while , Jonas Valanciunas was solid in the middle as he racked up 11 points and nine rebounds , in 28 minutes . Toronto has now won 26 games in a row when they hold their opponents below 100 points . LeBron James led the Cavs in scoring with 25 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 9 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , seven assists but gave up six turnovers , in 40 minutes . Kevin Love added 20 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pts , 8 - 10 FT ) , nine rebounds and five assists , in 35 minutes while , J.R. Smith chipped in 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , along with three rebounds , in 32 minutes . The Cavs shot 50 percent from long distance and 47 percent from the field over all but it was not enough to avoid their fifth loss under coach Lue . Next , the Cavs visit Washington to challenge the Wizards on Sunday . The Raptors head to Detroit to face the Pistons on Sunday . The Raptors will be looking their fifth straight win .
Despite 50 points from Portland 's Damian Lillard , the Toronto Raptors ( 41 - 19 ) beat the visiting Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 30 ) on Friday , 117 - 115 . Toronto is on pace for the first 50 - win season in the franchise 's history , and currently the team sits at second in the Eastern Conference . The Raptors faced a tough challenge on Friday against one of the NBA 's hottest teams , but came away with the victory nontheless . The Raptors backcourt combined for 66 points , with DeMar DeRozan leading the team with 38 . DeRozan went a ludicrous 24 for 25 from the free - throw line , seemingly drawing every foul en route to the team 's victory . The Blazers also came into the contest equipped with a dynamic backcourt duo , Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum . The two combined for 74 points on Friday , with 50 coming from point guard Damian Lillard . Lillard , who has been playing on another level since being snubbed from the NBA All-Star game , went 16 - for - 28 from the field and 12 - for - 13 from the free - throw line . Lillard and McCollum were the only Blazers , however , to crack double - digit scoring in Toronto , a stat that has been all too familiar for Portland in their meteoric rise to playoff contention . The Blazers won the first three games of their road trip but have faltered as they hit the Atlantic Division , with back - to - back losses now coming to Boston and Toronto . The Blazers will travel to Detroit on Sunday , while Toronto will host Houston .
The Toronto Raptors ( 44 - 20 ) took down the Miami Heat ( 38 - 28 ) in overtime Saturday , winning 112 - 104 in a matchup that should have major implications for the Eastern Conference playoff picture . Guard DeMar DeRozan had arguably his strongest performance of the season , scoring 38 points while also pulling down 10 rebounds and dishing out seven assists . The All-Star got to the free - throw line 15 times in the contest , converting on 12 of those attempts . Center Jonas Valanciunas also posted a double - double , scoring 20 and pulling down 10 boards . The Raptors held the Heat to just 38 percent shooting from the field in a strong team defensive performance . Toronto now sits two games back from Cleveland for the top spot in the Eastern Conference . Recent acquisition Joe Johnson led the Heat with 28 points , his highest - scoring performance in a Miami uniform . With stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh both sidelined , the Heat made due with what they had , finding buckets in unusual places . Forward Luol Deng also chipped in 20 points , while standout center Hassan Whiteside posted 13 from the bench . The Heat are now a full game behind the Boston Celtics for third in the East . The Heat will play the Nuggets on Monday , while the Raptors will take on the Bulls .
The Chicago Bulls ( 33 - 32 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 44 - 21 ) in a potential playoff preview matchup Monday at Air Canada Centre , 109 - 107 . The Bulls took a six - point lead into halftime and led 109 - 92 with 5:47 to play . It looked like they were going to coast to a victory until the final minute , when a Bulls lost ball turnover followed by a five - second violation opened the door for the Raptors , who closed it to 106 - 105 with 20 seconds to go . DeMar DeRozan had a chance to tie it in the game 's final second , but Jimmy Butler blocked the layup attempt and Toronto 's unlikely comeback bid fell just short . Doug McDermott hit four of his five three - point attempts as he came off the bench to lead the Bulls with 29 points ( 9 - 11 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) . E'Twaun Moore ( 8 - 11 FG ) and Nikola Mirotic ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 8 3PT , 4 - 4 FT ) led Chicago starters with 17 points apiece , and Taj Gibson notched a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds . The Bulls managed to shoot 49 percent from the floor despite missing Derrick Rose ( left abductor strain ) and Mike Dunleavy ( stomach virus ) from the lineup . Kyle Lowry 's 33 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 2 - 5 3PT , 11 - 13 FT ) led all scorers , and he filled up the box score with 11 rebounds , seven assists and three steals . DeRozan scored 27 and added five rebounds . The only other Raptor to reach double figures was Patrick Patterson with 13 , however , as the team as a whole failed to find its shot . They made just 45 percent of their shots from the floor and shot 6 - 20 ( 30 percent ) from beyond the arc . The Bulls continue their road trip Wednesday against the Wizzards . The Raptors head on the road Tuesday to face the Bucks .
The Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 21 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 39 - 30 ) 105 - 91 on Friday . Toronto 's outstanding defense has been one of the keys to their highly successful season , and their current position as the second seed in the Eastern Conference . However , it was their offense that made an early splash Friday , as Toronto jumped out to a 30 - 14 lead on the Celtics after one period . Because of their stinginess on the other side of the ball , falling behind by double digits to the Raptors is usually a death knell for most teams , and such was the case again Friday . Boston was forced into catch - up mode all night long , and could n't quite overtake Toronto despite playing much better in the second and third quarters . On the injury front , the Raptors played another game without starting center Jonas Valanciunas , who missed a second consecutive contest with his bruised hand . Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas , who posted 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Evan Turner pitched in with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . No other Celtics player managed double - digit scoring , but two of their young players did have an opportunity to receive valuable minutes . R.J. Hunter managed eight points and an assist to pace the bench , while Terry Rozier was right behind him with seven points , five assists and three rebounds over 10 efficient minutes . Despite their fourth consecutive loss , the Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , but do drop to the sixth seed in the conference . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Sunday . Toronto 's attack was spearheaded by Kyle Lowry , who tallied 32 points , five assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block . Luis Scola became the latest power forward to have a productive game against the Celtics ' vulernable frontcourt , posting 17 points , three rebounds and a steal . DeMar DeRozan found points a bit hard to come by against Avery Bradley 's typically stingy defense , but did manage 15 points , seven rebounds , six assists and a steal . Norman Powell , getting the start at small forward for James Johnson ( foot ) , supplied 10 points and two rebounds . Terrence Ross led the reserves with nine points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Raptors remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and have a hold of the second seed in the conference as well , two games behind the Cleveland Cavaliers . They 're home again versus the Orlando Magic on Sunday afternoon .
The Houston Rockets ( 2 - 3 ) defeated the Orando Magic ( 1 - 4 ) by a score of 119 - 114 in overtime Wednesday at the Toyota Center . Evan Fournier hit a pair of free throws with a second remaining in regulation to force overtime , but the Magic only hit two shots in overtime en route to their fourth loss of the season . Corey Brewer missed two huge free throws late in the fourth quarter , but it did n't cost the Rockets , who have won two straight after starting the season 0 - 3 . James Harden scored six of his 28 points in free basketball to ice the win for Houston . The Magic are still a very young team , but are beginning to see what they have in Fournier and Aaron Gordon , who scored a season - high 19 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting to go along with eight rebounds . Fournier came a basket shy of posting back - to - back 30 - point outings . He finished with 29 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , while ripping down six rebounds and dishing out four assists in a team - high 46 minutes . Rookie Mario Hezonja posted his second goose egg of the season and played just 11 minutes off the bench . While Harden led the Rockets in scoring for a second straight game , Dwight Howard was key in the victory , collecting 14 rebounds and adding 23 points in 31 minutes . Houston 's bench was unable to contribute much , forcing the starters to play big minutes and pick up more responsibility on offense . Harden reverted back to shooting poorly from the field ( 6 - for - 22 ) , but was able to get to the line 17 times , converting on 14 tries . Marcus Thornton provided a nice scoring spark again , finishing with 18 points and a pair of three - point field goals . Orlando will head back home for a date with the undefeated Toronto Raptors in their next game , while Houston travels to Sacramento for a date with the 1 - 4 Kings .
The New_York Knicks ( 8 - 6 ) beat the Houston Rockets ( 5 - 9 ) 107 - 102 on Saturday . Coming into the 2015 - 2016 NBA season , Kristaps Porzingis was looked at as a major work in progress , but the result of the No . 4 overall pick has given the Knicks fans something to really cheer for . Porzingis finished the night with 24 points , 14 rebounds and seven block on 8 - of - 12 shooting , including two 3 - pointers and a perfect 6 - of - 6 from the free throw line . Arron Afflalo has made a meaningful impact in his return to the starting lineup over the past few games , helping out from the 3 - point line as well , as he drained four 3 - pointers from deep in the effort . Carmelo Anthony was efficient in his 24 minutes played , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 10 from the field , including a layup with 0:39 left in the 4th quarter which extended the Knicks lead by three . Six Houston Rockets’ finished in double figures , but it was not enough to win in front of their hometown crowd . James Harden led the way for Houston , finishing with 24 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists on 8 - for - 20 shooting . Harden , who finished second overall in the MVP voting last season , is struggling with efficiency from the floor , shooting 38 percent overall . Trevor Ariza , Terrence Jones , Clint Capela , Jason Terry and Marcus Thornton rounded out the rest of the Rockets in double figures , but the all around effort was not enough to secure a win . Houston recently fired head coach Kevin McHale with interim coach J.B. Bickerstaff . The Rockets defensive efficiency ranks in the lower third of the league , and letting up 107 points to the Knicks will not help that cause going forward . Houston will look to bounce back against the Memphis Grizzlies ( 7 - 7 ) at home on Wednesday , while the Knicks visit the Miami Heat ( 8 - 4 ) on Monday .
Houston welcomed Memphis to town on Thanksgiving Eve , and was unable to defend its home court . The Grizzlies ended up taking the win 102 - 93 . While the score was relatively close , Memphis held the upper hand through the majority of the contest . The Rockets continued their early season struggles and fell to 5 - 10 , while the Grizzlies improved to 9 - 7 . After starting the season slowly , the Grizzlies have heated up and won six of their last seven games . Four of those games have been without Zach Randolph , who has been sidelined with a knee injury since Nov. 16 . With their star power forward absent , Matt Barnes entered the lineup and provided efficient statistics . He helped out with 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 2 - 6 3PT , 1 - 1 FT ) eight rebounds , three assists , and one steal in 31 minutes of action . Memphis hopes to get Randolph back as they carry their momentum into Friday 's game versus Atlanta . It was an all - around team effort for Memphis , who had six players , including all five starters , score in double digits . Jeff green led the way with 20 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3PT , 10 - 10 FT ) and seven rebounds . Courtney Lee added a spark off the bench scoring 17 points on 8 - 14 shooting from the field . The only player to touch the court and not score was veteran Vince Carter , who did help out with six rebounds , two assists , and three steals . Houston was able to win their first game following the firing of former head coach Kevin McHale last week , but have lost three games since . James Harden did his part to help the Rockets take off , but was unable to do enough . He did finish the night with an impressive 40 points ( 12 - 19 FG , 5 - 9 3PT , 11 - 11 FT ) , five rebounds , five assists , three steals , and one block in 41 minutes . Jason Terry and Dwight Howard also chipped in with double figures , scoring 13 and 12 points respectively . The Rockets will look to turn things around Friday when they take on the winless 76ers in Houston .
The Detroit Pistons ( 23 - 19 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 22 - 22 ) 123 - 114 on Wednesday , despite a nightmare free - throw game from Andre Drummond . Drummond missed 23 foul shots , going 13 for 36 from the free - throw line to set an NBA record for most missed free throws in a game . The Pistons shot 59 foul shots to the Rockets ' 18 . Detroit outscored Houston , 71 - 58 , in the first and fourth quarters , and it really was n't close aside from a small stretch in the third quarter when the Rockets decided to go to a hack - a - Drummond strategy.This was the first time Detroit has won in Houston since 2005 . All five Pistons starters scored in double - figures . Up next for the Pistons is a date with the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday . James Harden carried the Rockets on his back with a triple - double , finishing with 33 points , 17 rebounds and 14 assists . Dwight Howard suffered an ankle injury in the opening minutes . Trevor Ariza continued to struggle , as he went just 1 - for - 8 from the field to tally three points , four rebounds and one assist in another lackluster performance . Houston will look to bounce back in their next game on Friday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Houston Rockets ( 26 - 25 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 27 - 22 ) 115 - 102 on Tuesday . Both clubs entered the game without their starting centers , but it was a tad more of an unexpected development for the home team . The Rockets found out earlier in the day that Dwight Howard had been suspended for Tuesday night 's game for making contact with an official while protesting a technical foul on Saturday versus the Wizards . With Clint Capela also sidelined with a left hip strain , veteran Josh Smith , reacquired earlier in the month from the Clippers , got the starting call versus Miami . His counterpart on the other side was a well - traveled veteran as well , as Amar'e Stoudemire took the court in Hassan Whiteside 's stead yet again due to the latter 's oblique injury . Both Smith and Stoudemire demonstrated why they 're still viable pieces of their respective squads , with the former coming second only to James Harden in scoring for Houston on the night , and the latter posting a double - double to help keep Miami close the majority of the contest . Ultimately , it was Harden 's remarkable effort , as well as the Rockets ' 52 and 46 percent tallies from the field and three - point range , respectively , that spearheaded the high - scoring victory . Miami was led by Luol Deng , who has come on offensively over the stretch that Whiteside has missed . He managed 17 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . Dwyane Wade was right behind him with a 16 - point , four - rebound , four - assist effort that also included a steal and a block . Goran Dragic turned in a solid performance against the feisty defense of Patrick Beverley , totaling 14 points , four rebounds and six assists . Stoudemire had 14 points of his own , which he supplemented with 10 boards and an assist . The starting five 's tally was rounded out by Chris Bosh , who supplied 13 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Gerald Green pitched in with some scoring punch off the bench in leading the reserves , registering 13 points and adding four rebounds , three assists and a block . With the loss , the Heat fell a half - game back of the Atlanta Hawks for first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain in the state of Texas for a Wednesday night showdown with the Dallas Mavericks . Harden 's 26 points led the Rockets , and he also dished out 14 assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block . Smith checked in with 19 points , four rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block in his spot start . Beverley contributed on the offensive end as well , amassing 14 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Marcus Thornton paced the Houston bench with 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal , while Terrence Jones received some extended playing time due to the depleted frontcourt , and turned in 11 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal in a reserve role . The Rockets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Phoenix to face off with the Suns on Thursday .
In a close contest , the Chicago Bulls ( 38 - 37 ) earned a much - needed 103 - 100 win against the host Houston Rockets ( 37 - 39 ) . With their playoff hopes starting to wane , Chicago will need a solid end to its season in order to achieve postseason berth . Still a game behind their rival Indiana Pacers , the Bulls have spent weeks on the outside of the playoff picture looking in . Thursday 's win may keep the team 's playoff hopes alive , as the squad was able to scrape by against the similarly - situated Rockets . All-Star Jimmy Butler took control for Chicago , racking up 21 points to go with eight rebounds and six assists . Bench big man Nikola Mirotic , meanwhile , exploded for 28 points in what proved to be a valuable contribution to Chicago 's winning effort . Chicago 's stellar 48 percent from the field was a key factor in establishing a lead at the game 's end . Houston , meanwhile , sits just half a game out of playoff contention despite the loss . After making last year 's Western Conference Finals , the Rockets have seen a tremendous drop - off , now sitting below .500 . On Thursday , the backcourt of Patrick Beverly and James Harden combined for 46 points . Beverly also notched seven assists without a single turnover in one of his biggest performances of the season . It was n't enough for the win , however , as the team shot a dismal 40 percent from the field as a whole . With the season entering its final stretch , it will take some winning basketball to get Houston back on track for the playoffs . The Bulls will play the Pistons on Sunday , while the Rockets will take on the Thunder on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 4 - 2 ) blew out the Charlotte Hornets ( 2 - 4 ) 114 - 94 on Saturday night . The Spurs were simply fantastic offensively in this matchup , as they shot over 50 percent from the field and accumulated 35 assists as a team . The third quarter was when the tide turned for both teams , as the Spurs scored 42 points in the quarter , which included an 180 run . This was an utter domination in nearly every statistic , as the Spurs had more rebounds , assists , steals , blocks and less turnovers than the Hornets in the win . Point guard Kemba Walker might have had his best game of the season on Saturday for Charlotte and it was all for nothing . He tallied 27 points , four assists and two steals on 11 - of - 15 shooting in under 30 minutes of action . The problem for the Hornets was that the only player who scored more than 13 points was Walker and that simply wo n't get it done against a team like the Spurs . They also shot below 65 percent from the free - throw line and all that makes for a recipe of disaster . Charlotte has a few days off until they play the Minnesota Timberwolves in a very winable game on Tuesday . The Spurs were at top form on Saturday , as they outscored the Hornets by 16 points in the second half . They played some typical Spurs basketball , as they dished out 35 team assists , while shooting 56 percent from the field . San_Antonio was led by Kawhi Leonard who scored a team - high 23 points in the victory . The bench was spectacular as well , as they got 15 points from Patty Mills , 13 points from Manu Ginobili and a near triple - double from David West . The Spurs will look to carry this sparkling form into Monday 's matchup against a struggling Sacramento Kings team .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 27 - 6 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 20 ) Monday 101 - 95 at AT & T Center in San_Antonio . The Spurs continued their dominance at home , as they extended their home winning streak to start the season to 18 games , but this one didn’t come easy , as the young and improving Timberwolves put up a fight for 48 minutes . It wasn’t San_Antonio’s most impressive outing , but it was once again their balanced play that led them to victory , as six players scored in double figures . Kawhi Leonard continues to play like an All-Star , as he led the way with a double - double of 17 points and 11 rebounds in 37 minutes . Boba Marjanovic matched Leonard’s 17 , recording as many in just 15 minutes off the bench while shooting 7 - for - 7 from the field . Manu Ginobili ( 13 ) , Tony Parker ( 12 ) , David West ( 11 ) and Patty Mills ( 11 ) round out the six Spurs who scored in double figures . Andrew Wiggins led the way scoring for Minnesota in the losing effort , posting 18 points and six rebounds in 37 minutes , while rookie star Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double of 10 points and 12 boards in 31 minutes . Additionally , while Ricky Rubio struggled shooting from the field ( 2 - of - 9 ) and finished with just seven points , he did manage to dish out 14 assists to just one turnover on the night . Zach LaVine also had a solid outing off the bench , scoring 15 points in 25 minutes . Up next , the Spurs will stay home Wednesday to take on the Suns , while the T’Wolves will return home Wednesday to play the Jazz .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 28 - 6 ) remain undefeated at home , now 190 , after they dismantled the hurting Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 22 ) , 112 - 79 , on Wednesday . This was the Suns sixth loss in a row , while San_Antonio picked up their third win in a row . Given the Spurs undefeated home record and the poor play , injuries and drama surrounding the Suns , this game was pretty much over before it started . However , the disciplined Spurs made sure to take nothing for granted , as they got up to a 32 - 12 lead by the end of the first quarter . The Suns never had another chance . The Suns were again without their top scorer , Eric Bledsoe , who is out with a torn meniscus . In his absence no one was able to step up offensively . The Suns had three players score 11 points and no one else break 10 . Tyson Chandler scored 11 points ( 5 - 6 FG ) and pulled down 10 rebounds in 25 minutes off the bench . Brandon Knight also had 11 points , along with four assists , in 26 minutes . T.J. Warren chipped in 11 points ( 5 - 10 FG ) as well . The Suns shot 39 percent from the field as a team . Tim Duncan sat this one out with a sore right knee but there was no shortage of teammates to step up in his absence , as 12 of the 13 players that hit the floor for the Spurs scored points . LaMarcus Aldridge played 29 minutes and led the way in scoring and rebounds for his team , with a double - double consisting of 21 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 5 - 10 FT ) and 12 rebounds . Kawhi Leonard finished with a cool 19 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 4Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with two assists and two steals , also in 29 minutes . Tony Parker had a complete game , with 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG ) , seven assists , four steals , three rebounds and only one turnover , in 22 minutes . The Spurs shot a blistering 56 percent from the field , including 6 - 14 from beyond the arc . The Spurs will now get a couple of days rest before hosting state - rival Houston Rockets on Saturday . The Suns will enter the second game of a four - game road trip , as well as the second of a back - to - back , when they play in Oklahoma City , on Thursday night .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 29 - 6 ) continued their undefeated streak at home Saturday by beating the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 19 ) , 121 - 103 . The Rockets pulled off the unlikely task of beating the Spurs in their last meeting on Christmas , but this one followed a much more common script . San_Antonio ran away with a dominating victory and really took it to the Rockets . It was a 31 - 7 run in the third quarter that really put some distance between these teams and Houston could never recover after that . San_Antonio killed Houston with their own recipe , by hitting 13 - of - 24 three - pointers en route to the blowout . Houston 's defense has really let them down all year and that was the case yet again here . They allowed the Spurs to shoot over 52 percent from the field and allowed far too many open threes . Most of the starters struggled aside from James Harden and Dwight Howard . The 17 points that Harden scored is extremely low for him , and he really didn’t make any sort of impact in the second half . Howard did record a double - double though , as he collected 22 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . Houston was expected to lose this game , but the fashion they did it in was ugly yet again and one has to wonder if big changes are coming . The Rockets will look to bounce back on Monday against the Utah Jazz . San_Antonio has been dominating with their defense this season , but the offense carried them tonight . They rank first in every significant defensive statistic , but also rank third in offensive efficiency . They surely added to that efficiency rating here , as they shot over 50 percent from the field and three - point range while dishing out an impressive 31 assists . Boris Diaw was the star of the show off the bench , as he tallied 20 points and eight boards in just 25 minutes of action . Danny Green also hit a season - high six three 's en route to an 18 - point outing with a solid all - around line . San_Antonio has now won 20 - straight home games and they are truly one of the best teams in basketball right now . They 'll play the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday in their next scheduled game .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 39 - 7 ) throttled the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 23 ) 130 - 99 on Wednesday night . San_Antonio was clearly angry after their 30 - point loss on Monday to the Golden State Warriors and they let out their frustrations on the Rockets here . This was a thorough domination , as they won each of the first three quarters by at least six points and carried a 20 - point lead into half and a 29 - point lead into the fourth quarter . The Spurs shot 56 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range in another shooting exhibition . That successful shooting can be credited to the assist margin , as San_Antonio dished out 34 assists to Houston 's 14 . The Rockets were 9 - 3 over their last 12 games , but this is a different animal against the Spurs . Not only did they allow the Spurs to shoot nearly 60 percent from the field , they only made 38 percent of their shots . The only notable line was a 20 - point outing from James Harden , but he still committed five turnovers and only dished out two assists in a down game . Dwight Howard did return here after a three - game absence , as he fell just shy of a double - double in 23 minutes of play . No other player on the roster scored more than 11 points besides those two and the hack - a - Caplea strategy on Clint Capela became a huge issue as well , as he went just 3 - for - 10 from the free - throw line . It doesn’t get much easier in Houston 's next game either , as they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on the road on Friday . Although the Spurs last loss cracked a 13 - game winning streak , this win extended their home winning streak to an incredible 25 games . What 's most impressive about their home form is that they are defeating teams by nearly 20 points a game on average . Tonight was LaMarcus Aldridge 's night , as he tallied 25 points , 10 rebounds and five assists in the victory . Danny Green and Kawhi Leonard also played well , as they scored 18 points a piece . Even though Tim Duncan didn’t play , the other four starters stepped up by combining for 76 points in just three quarters of action . Up next for San_Antonio is a fantastic game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 41 - 8 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 30 ) 110 - 97 on Wednesday . This win gave the Spurs 36 - straight victories at their home building , which now ranks in the top - six all - time . The Spurs shot lights out in this win , as they went 52 percent from the field , 94 percent from the free - throw line and 60 percent from three - point range . Another key for San_Antonio was the ball movement , as they dished out 30 team assists on 42 made baskets . New_Orleans had to play this game without Tyreke Evans and they really missed his playmaking abilities . The starters accumulated just 56 points with Anthony Davis finishing with half of those . Davis tallied 28 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , four steals and four blocks in a showcase game of all of his talents . The bench was the only thing keeping the Pelicans in the game though , as Ryan Anderson double - doubled and Jrue Holiday scored 20 points off New_Orleans bench . The Pelicans will have a much easier matchup on Thursday in their next game , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers in the second half of a back - to - back set . The Spurs got just 16 points from their highest - scoring bench , but the starters had one of their best games of the year . LaMarcus Aldridge scored 36 points and went 12 - for - 12 from the free - throw line in the win . Kawhi Leonard amassed 26 points and five rebounds , with much of that production coming late . Danny Green and David West also filled - in , as they totaled 30 points and 12 rebounds between the two starters in the victory . San_Antonio 's next game will be against their rival Dallas Mavericks on Friday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 43 - 8 ) held off the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 42 ) for a 106 - 102 win on Saturday . This game had blowout written all over it , but the Lakers hung around all night in a competitive game . The Spurs actually trailed heading into the fourth quarter , but outscored the Lakers by six over the final 12 minutes . The assisting was a big difference , as San_Antonio recorded 27 assists to the Lakers 19 . The Spurs also shot 44 percent from the field while holding Los_Angeles to under 40 percent . The Lakers came into this game as a 17 - point underdog , but showed some serious fight in a losing effort . Kobe Bryant continued his hot stretch , as he scored 25 points in the loss . Julius Randle also played well , as he tallied 15 points , 17 rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Jordan Clarkson finished with 21 points , six rebounds and four assists as well . Up next for the Lakers is a matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Monday . The Spurs have a near 20 - point differential in their home building on average this season , but this was easily one of their toughest games of the year at home . LaMarcus Aldridge once again carried the load , as he scored 26 points and grabbed nine rebounds in the win . Kawhi Leonard also had a good game , as he accumulated 20 points , 13 rebounds and three assists in the victory . This win now gives the Spurs 37 - straight wins at the AT & T Center , with 28 of those coming this season . San_Antonio wo n't be in action again until Tuesday , when they play the Miami Heat on the road .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 53 - 9 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 36 ) 104 - 94 at AT & T Center on Saturday . It was mostly smooth sailing for the host Spurs , as they improved their impeccable home record on the season to 300 . If not for the Golden State Warriors remarkable run at history , there would be more focus on how Gregg Popovich 's squad . San_Antonio was led by Kawhi Leonard , who scored 25 points on 24 shots , but rounded out the box score with 13 rebounds and six assists . Manu Ginobli proved to be the needed scoring asset off the bench , and turned back the clock with some vintage euro steps , as he scored 22 points on a lights out 8 - of - 11 shooting . Boris Diaw and David West each pitched in double figures , and the well rounded team needed all the help they could get , as LaMarcus Aldridge ( hamstring ) and Tim Duncan ( rest ) did not play . The Spurs depth is one of their biggest strengths , and proved too much to handle for the Kings , who failed to pull the game within striking distance after the second quarter . The Spurs will visit the Indiana Pacers ( 33 - 30 ) on Monday . Rebounding proved to be the Kings major shortcoming in the game , as the Spurs dominated the glass 46 - 33 . DeMarcus Cousins put forth another dominant effort and contributed 31 points to lead all scorers , to go along with nine rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . Quincy Acy was a go - to in the Kings gameplan , and his 16 points were above his season average , but when Rudy Gay does not get his shot going , especially in a volume effort , the lack of scoring options tends to make Sacramento 's battles an uphill task . Darren Collison added 12 points off the bench , in addition to three rebounds and seven assists on 5 - of - 9 shooting in 33 minutes . The Kings will visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 38 ) on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 55 - 10 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 32 - 31 ) Thursday night to remain undefeated at AT & T Center , 109 - 101 . Tony Parker ( toe ) , Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili returned to action for the Spurs after resting in Tuesday 's win over the Timberwolves . The trio combined for 31 points , 20 coming from Parker , who also recorded a game - high 12 assists . Kawhi Leonard led all scorers with 29 points , and Lamarcus Aldridge chipped in with a double - double with 26 points and 10 rebounds . The Spurs shot an even 50 percent ( 38 - 76 ) from two - point land as the offense was humming once again . The Spurs assisted on 29 of their 44 baskets ( 66 percent ) and turned the ball over just eight times . Derrick Rose ( 9 - 21 FG ) and Pau Gasol ( 8 - 16 FG ) led the Bulls with 21 points each , and Gasol recorded a double - double with 12 rebounds . E'Twaun Moore , starting at shooting guard with Jimmy Butler out with a knee strain , poured in 20 points on 8 - 12 shooting , including 4 - 5 from three - point range . The Bulls shot 11 - 22 from three - point range but committed 21 turnovers , and that sloppiness ended up costing them . The Spurs continue their homestand Saturday against Oklahoma City . The Bulls return home for a Friday matchup against the Heat .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 58 - 10 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 35 - 34 ) 118 - 110 on Thursday . This victory gave the Spurs 43 - straight win in their home building and they used an unlikely recipe . Usually the defense wins them their games , but the offense was on point on Thursday . In fact , the Spurs shot 52 percent from the field , 91 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from three - point range . The ball movement was superb as well , with San_Antonio recording 35 assists on 45 made baskets . Portland has been struggling recently and this is the last place you want to play in those instances . Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum continued their great seasons though , as they scored nearly half the points in this loss . McCollum led the team with 26 points , with Lillard scoring 23 of his own . Mason Plumlee had a nice all - around game , as he totaled 12 points , eight rebounds and five assists in the defeat . On deck for the Blazers is a matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday . San_Antonio just continues to take care of business , as this game never seemed like Portland had a chance . LaMarcus Aldridge and Kawhi Leonard tied the team - lead with 22 points in the win . Tony Parker may have had his best game of the season , as he scored 18 points , while dishing out a season - high 16 assists . That home record has a huge test approaching , as the Golden State Warriors come to town on Saturday for their next scheduled game .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 10 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 0 - 1 ) 111 - 95 on Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Mavericks got off to a quick start during their 2015 - 16 season opener , grabbing a nine - point lead by halftime . After out - scoring the Suns 34 - 21 in the third quarter as well , the Mavericks put the game out of reach and pushed on to their first victory of the season . As a team , the Mavericks went 47 percent from the field and an impressive 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks finished at 39 percent from the field and just 25 percent from deep . With Chandler Parsons ( knee ) still out , the Mavericks moved Wesley Matthews over to small forward , which gave Raymond Felton the opportunity to enter the starting lineup at shooting guard . Felton made the most of his opportunity and torched the Suns for a game - high of 18 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also pitching in with six assists and four rebounds . Felton averaged just 4 points and 1 assists over 29 games with the Mavericks last season , so this was a fantastic performance for the guard . Deron Williams added 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) , six rebounds and an assist in his Mavericks ' debut . He had to leave the game in the third quarter with a left knee contusion , though , so we 'll have to wait and see if it forces him to miss any additional time . Dirk Nowitzki chipped in with 11 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) and nine rebounds as well . The Suns ' starting frontcourt trio of P.J. Tucker , Markieff Morris and Tyson Chandler really struggled in this one . They went a combined 3 - of - 11 from the field for just nine points , which clearly was the difference in this one . The backcourt combination of Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe was about all the Suns had going for them . Knight finished with 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists , while Bledsoe added 13 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , four rebounds and four assists . Knight did turn the ball over six times , which was a big factor in pushing the Suns to a whopping 18 turnovers as a team.The Suns ' 13th overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft , Devin Booker , shined in his professional debut , as he went 6 - for - 7 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line for 14 points over 21 minutes . The Mavericks next game will be on the road against the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday , while the Suns will remain at home in a matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday .
Coming into this game the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 5 - 4 ) had won eight straight versus the Phoenix Suns ( 4 - 4 ) but fell short Thursday night by a score of 118 - 104 . The Clippers have now lost four of their last five games The game started out close but Phoenix jumped out to a 20 point lead with a strong third quarter which the Clippers could not recover from . The Clippers were missing their starting back court as Chris Paul sat out with a sore right groin while J.J. Redick sat out with back spasms . The news only got worse for the Clippers as Blake Griffin was ejected after recieving his second technical foul near the end of the first half . Griffin played only 16 minutes and came up with 11 points , along with three rebounds and four assists . DeAndre Jordan was relatively quiet with only 11 points and nine rebounds . Jamal Crawford did his best to fill the offensive void by chipping in a team high 18 points on 7 - 14 shooting , while also nabbing three steals . Wesley Johnson played 24 minutes off the bench and continued his good start to the season with 14 points , including 3 - 6 shooting from deep . The Phoenix back court duo of Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe is steadily becomming one of the most dangerous in the league . Knight had a stellar game for the Suns , scoring 37 points on 14 - 22 shooting , including going 6 - 10 from deep . He also dished four assists . Meanwhile , Bledsoe once again came very close to a triple double with 26 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists and has been looking great so far this season . The only other players to score double digits for the Suns were Jon Leuer who had 10 points and 11 rebounds , and T.J. Warren who scored 18 points on 7 - 10 shooting . The Suns as a team shot a strong 53 percent and did a good job on the defensive glass , not allowing the Clippers any second chances in this game . Next up the Nuggets will be in town Saturday to visit the Suns . This will be a must win type of game for Phoenix if they hope to see the play - offs this season . The Clippers , on the other hand , will look to turn things around at home against Detroit on Saturday , in what will be no easy task as Detroit has been looking very good so far . The match up of Andre Drummond versus DeAndre Jordan will be one to watch .
Behind three 20 - point scorers , the Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 13 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 12 - 10 ) 107 - 104 Wednesday night at the Talking Stick Resort Arena . Despite trailing by 10 points with 4:18 to go in the game , the Magic roared back to tie it at 12 - 102 with 2:15 to go , fueld by seven quick points from Tobias Harris . But Phoenix guard Eric Bledsoe was n't having it , as he scored the final five points for the Suns to seal the victory . Bledsoe and Brandon Knight each led the Suns with 21 points . Alex Len knocked down 20 points on a clean 7 - 10 shooting night , blocked three shots , and notched a double - double with 14 rebounds . Mirza Teletovic knocked down four of his eight three - pointers on what was an otherwise dreadful deep shooting night for the Suns ( 6 - 24 , 25 percent as a team on three - point shots ) , but their efficiency inside ( 35 - 56 , 63 percent ) was too tough for Orlando . Nikola Vucevic ( 8 - 16 shooting ) led the Magic with 21 points and 11 rebounds , and Elfrid Payton notched his own double - double with 12 points and 10 assists . It was a solid offensive night for Orlando , as they rained down 12 three - pointers on 25 attempts , but their inability to stop Phoenix inside - - the Suns retrieved 11 offensive rebounds - - finished them . Orlando will try to get back to winning ways Friday at home against Cleveland . Phoenix next faces the Trail Blazers at home Friday night .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 11 - 18 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 17 ) 101 - 95 on Sunday . The Bucks have been playing some bad basketball of late aside from their historic Golden State Warriors victory , but looked good today . Milwaukee really struggled at the free - throw line , but made up for it by shooting over 50 percent from the field . The second half is when the tides really turned , as the Bucks outscored the Suns by 14 over the final 24 minutes . The Bucks had to play this game without Giannis Antetokounmpo and it really didn’t effect them as much as expected . Khris Middleton and Michael Carter-Williams stepped up in his absence and put in some great lines . Middleton scored a team - high 26 points and dished out seven assists , while Carter-Williams tallied 20 points , nine rebounds and six assists . This is a frustrating team at times , but when they play the second half defense like they did today , they 're a tough team to beat . The Bucks have a good chance to add to this win when they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday for their next game . The Suns really struggled to get their potent offense going in this game and it 's evident through the stats . No player scored more than 18 points and the starters combined for just 52 points . T.J. Warren and Eric Bledsoe both scored a team - high 18 points and went a combined 9 - for - 9 from the free - throw line . The strange thing is that the starters took just 35 shots in the game and committed 12 turnovers . That 's a recipe for disaster and it was a miracle they kept it so close with those stats . Phoenix will look to bounce - back on Monday when they play the Utah Jazz .
The Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 24 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 18 ) 111 - 102 on Wednesday night . In a battle of two struggling teams , the home team prevailed in a much needed way . Phoenix came into this game in the midst of a nine - game losing streak and ended up pulling away with some good offense as a small underdog . They shot 49 percent from the field and went 19 - for - 33 from three - point range in a shooting exhibition . The benches were a huge disparity here , as the Suns bench has three players score 17 or more points , while the Hornets had only one bench player score more than five . The Hornets have now lost five - straight and they are now below .500 for the first time since the middle of November . It 's clear the injury to Nicolas Batum is really hurting this team , as they ca n't get anything going on either end of the floor . Kemba Walker has been playing at an all - time level recently though , but he ca n't do it all himself . He tallied 25 points , six assists and four rebounds in yet another great game . All five starters scored in double - figures actually , but they simply allowed the Suns to run up and down the floor on them far too often . Charlotte will look to end this slide on Saturday against the surging Los Angeles Clippers . The Suns needed a win as bad as any team in the NBA and they finally got one here . The amazing part is that they did it with defense , by holding the Hornets to 17 points in the final quarter . Brandon Knight was the star of the show , as he totaled 18 points , seven assists and three rebounds in the victory . The bench was fantastic as well , as T.J. Warren , Devin Booker , and Mirza Teletovic all scored between 17 and 19 points while combining for 21 rebounds , seven assists and four steals . Without Eric Bledsoe for the rest of the season , they need more team performances like this going forward in order to dig out of this deep hole they 've dug themselves . Phoenix 's next game will be on Friday when they host the Miami Heat in a difficult matchup .
The Indiana Pacers ( 23 - 19 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 30 ) 97 - 94 on Tuesday night . In a game between two of the fastest - paced teams in the NBA , the offenses were downright ugly tonight . Indiana came into this game ticked off with their defensive form and it 's clear they were letting out their frustrations on this beaten up Suns team . The Pacers held the Suns to just 35 percent shooting and drew 22 turnovers in a dominant defensive performance . The NBA has become a three - point shooting league , but these teams set the league back a few years by combining to go 15 - for - 55 from long range in this game . The aggressive nature of Indiana can be emphasized by the fact that they recorded 16 steals in the victory . Indiana had lost four of their last five coming into this and a date with Phoenix is just what the doctor ordered . The Pacers didn’t play pretty basketball , but they got back to their roots and dominated with their stifling defense . The defensive total actually would have looked better if the Pacers didn’t allow 16 points in the final three minutes in a comeback effort . No player played spectacularly , but Paul George did put in a nice all - around game , as he tallied 19 points , eight rebounds , four assists and four steals in the win . Mighty Joe Young also gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he finished with 11 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals in just 19 minutes of action . Indiana will have to keep up this defensive form in their next game against the Golden State Warriors on Friday . This Suns team has fallen apart over the last two months and it 's quite clear that the offense is the main reason why . The amazing part about this game is that Phoenix shot 27 - for - 29 from the free - throw line and still barely cracked 90 points . That 's simply hard to do and it shows how inefficient they are playing right now . The one bright spot here was rookie Devin Booker , who scored a career - high 32 points in a shooting exhibition . Markieff Morris finally seemed to be turning things around over the last few games , but he left here in the first quarter with a shoulder injury . That 's the last thing this team needs , as the injuries are killing them right now . Brandon Knight really hurt his team tonight as well , as he went 2 - for - 9 from three - point range and committed a ghastly eight turnovers in the defeat . It doesn’t get much easier in their next game , as the Suns host the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday in what will likely be another lopsided result .
The Houston Rockets ( 27 - 25 ) narrowly defeated the struggling Suns ( 14 - 37 ) in Phoenix on Thursday , 111 - 105 . Corey Brewer unexpectedly provided a team - high 24 points for Houston , helping lead the balanced offensive effort the Rockets took in Phoenix . Superstar James Harden scored 17 points , below his average , but also pulled down nine rebounds and dished out six assists . Big man Dwight Howard , meanwhile , was not particularly present in the scoring column ( 5 points ) , but made his presence felt on the boards , tallying 16 rebounds on the night . Overall , Houston had a strong offensive showing , racking up points and hitting 15 three - pointers on the night . Phoenix has seen a steady plummet towards the bottom of the Western Conference following an injury to star point guard Eric Bledsoe . The team 's loss on Thursday was their 21st in 23 games . Despite holding major advantages at the line and on the boards , the Suns struggled offensively , recording 24 turnovers and shooting just 39 percent from the field . Even in the loss , however , rookie standout Devin Booker made himself known with 17 points and four assists . The Rockets will host the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . Phoenix next sees the court on Saturday as well , as the team will face off against the Utah Jazz .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 39 - 14 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 39 ) 122 - 106 on Monday . The high - octane Thunder got a bit more than they likely bargained for from a game Suns squad , beginning in the second period . After Oklahoma_City jumped out to a 28 - 19 lead after the first 12 minutes , Phoenix answered with a 38 - point second quarter in which they outscored the Thunder by nine . Entering the fourth quarter , the visitors clung to a surprisingly thin 89 - 85 lead . After P.J. Tucker sank a four - footer with 5:43 remaining , Phoenix had closed to within three , 99 - 96 . However , the Thunder scored seven of the next eight points , led by a pair of free throws apiece from Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant . Although the Suns got as close as four points on one more occasion , Oklahoma_City pulled away over the final 3:47 to seal the harder - than - expected win . Durant led the charge for the Thunder with 32 points - - a scoring haul that included five three - pointers - - and added six rebounds , three assists , a steal and two blocks . Westbrook came close to one of his trademark triple - doubles , managing 29 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and two steals . The one blemish on his otherwise stellar outing was the six turnovers he committed . Dion Waiters pitched in with 15 points , four assists , three steals and a block . Enes Kanter and Cameron Payne paced the reserves with a pair of 11 - point efforts , with Kanter adding six rebounds and Payne registering four rebounds and four assists . Oklahoma_City remains atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're back home on Thursday for a showdown with Anthony Davis and the New Orleans Pelicans . Phoenix 's attack was spearheaded by 23 points from a resurgent Markieff Morris . He also supplied seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . However , like Westbrook , Morris was also guilty of handing the ball to the opposition on six occasions . Archie Goodwin continued his solid play as the starting point guard , managing 20 points , seven assists and four boards . Tucker amassed 16 points , five rebounds , two assists and five steals , while Tyson Chandler totaled 11 points , seven boards and a block . Mirza Teletovic paced the Phoenix reserves with 17 points , and also added an assist . Alex Len had a near double - double off the bench as well , registering 13 points , eight boards , two assists , two steals and a block . The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They 're at home again Wednesday for another tussle with a high - powered offense , as the reigning champion Golden State Warriors come to town .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 47 - 9 ) held off the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 42 ) for a 118 - 111 win on Sunday . This was a much closer matchup than anticipated , with the Suns hanging around all game long . The game was actually tied with six minutes left , but the Spurs went on a 70 run from there to ultimately decide the game . San_Antonio 's three - point shooting was the key , as they went 10 - for - 16 from long distance in the victory . They also shot 52 percent from the field , while holding Phoenix to 46 percent on their end . San_Antonio hasn’t been playing impressively lately , but they continue to win games . This is the second game in a row where they allowed a double - digit underdog to hang around and score over 110 points . With that in mind , both of those games came without All-Star Kawhi Leonard . In this game , Tony Parker led the team with 22 points with Patty Mills scoring 21 of his own off the bench . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well , as he tallied 19 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . The Spurs next game will be against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . Phoenix came into this matchup as a 14 - point underdog and nearly pulled out a miraculous win . Alex Len got the start for the injured Tyson Chandler and played great , double - doubling in a 23 - point , 13 - rebound performance . The bench was what kept the Suns around though , as Jon Leuer , Mirza Teletovic and Archie Goodwin all scored at least 13 points while combing for 18 total rebounds . On deck for the Suns is a matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back set .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 16 - 42 ) defeated the host Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 44 ) 116 - 106 , Thursday night at Talking Stick Resort Arena . The Suns and the Nets represent two of the worst records in the NBA this season . With this result Phoenix suffered its 13th straight loss , tying a franchise - high . This loss also marked a franchise - high eighth - straight home loss for the Suns . Although they are far out of the playoff race , the Nets have been playing slightly better as of late , winning four of their last eight games , after a horrible stretch during which they lost 15 of 17 . The Nets waived Joe Johnson early on Thursday , which gave some of their younger players a chance to showcase their skills in this contest and they did just that . Bojan Bogdanovic recorded a career - high 24 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , in 38 minutes , while Markel Brown chipped in 16 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , along with three rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 24 minutes off the bench . Thaddeus Young also stepped it up as he finished with 18 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , eight rebounds , seven steals , three assists and three blocked shots , in 36 minutes . Despite giving up 18 turnovers , the Nets played well offensively , shooting 49 percent from the field , 44 percent from long range and hitting 34 - of - 42 free throws . Phoenix did not do a good job of controlling the ball and establishing rhythm as they gave up 21 turnovers and recorded only 16 assists on 42 made field goals . Mirza Teletovic stood out as a bright spot for the Suns , as he tallied 30 points ( 12 - 23 FG , 5 - 13 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , along with 11 rebounds , in 30 minutes off the bench . Tyson Chandler recorded 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) , 11 rebounds , two steals , one assist and one block , in 33 minutes , after missing two games with a sore shoulder . Alex Len chipped in 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 3 - 7 FT ) and six rebounds , in 17 minutes . Len 's status for this game was in question after he twisted his ankle in practice on Wednesday . The Suns battled back after entering the fourth down - 19 , to bring it as close as 10 , a difference their 13 missed free throws would have more than settled . The Suns will host the Grizzlies on Saturday , and will look to avoid setting a single - season , franchise - high 14th straight loss . The Nets will move on to Utah to play the Jazz on Saturday , in what will be their third game of a nine - game road trip .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 51 ) 103 - 97 at Talking Stick Arena on Monday . The Grizzlies are banged up , but they are still finding ways to pull out tough victories and hold on to the 5 - seed in the Western Conference . The Suns would normally be an easy matchup for the physical Memphis style of play , but it took the backcourt some time to get warm before eventually closing out the game late in the fourth quarter . Phoenix was ahead for most of the first half , and extended a lead into double figures midway through the second quarter , however , they were unable to hold onto their lead with the game tied with under one minute remaining in regulation . Lance Stephenson put back a missed layup to take a two point lead , and the Grizzlies did the rest of their damage from the free throw line to close out . The Grizzlies recently signed Jordan Farmar to a 10 day contract , and the signing looked to be a positive one after Farmar saw 22 minutes off the bench and added 12 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting , including two clutch free throws down the stretch . Ray McCallum continues to see starting minutes , and although his shot selection was iffy ( nine points on 3 - of - 10 shooting ) , he did complete seven assists and add two steals . Zach Randolph has become the go - to scorer for Memphis , and continued to be a monster on the glass , as he finished with 14 points and 13 rebounds . The aforementioned Stephenson led all Grizzlies scorers with 16 points . The Suns are amongst the bottom four teams in the league and will towards a lottery pick in the draft , but they played a spirited game , one which they were in control to win up until the final two minutes of play . Devin Booker and Brandon Knight continued their volume shooting , but they were far from efficient , as they combined for 31 points on 9 - of - 30 shooting . Turnovers proved to be the difference maker in the fourth quarter , where the Suns added two miscues in crunch time . Phoenix suffered another setback after Tyson Chandler ( back ) left Monday’s game with back spasms after logging two points and one rebound in 13 minutes of action . Both teams face the Los Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 55 ) next , as the Grizzlies visit Staples Center on Tuesday , while the Suns host Kobe Bryant and company on Wednesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 51 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 56 ) 119 - 107 on Wednesday . Both teams started the day with key starters listed as questionable for the contest , and only one ended up making it on the court . Tyson Chandler was unable to take the floor with his back injury , but D'Angelo Russell shook off the effects of a bruised shin to suit up for the Lakers . However , by game 's end it was the Suns who had overcome their missing component , as former starter Jon Leuer stepped in admirably and provided a 22 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . He also added a steal and a block . Meanwhile , Russell was able to play 31 minutes , but struggled with his shot . The 2015 first - rounder tallied 14 points on 6 - for - 18 shooting , and was only able to drain one of his four three - point attempts . Joseph Randle paced the Lakers with a 19 - point , 15 - rebound double - double , which also included an assist and a steal . Kobe Bryant was able to battle through his perennially sore shoulder for a second straight night , amassing 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Russell added three assists , two rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Jordan Clarkson pitched in with 13 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists . Lou Williams led the reserves with 11 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday night . Devin Booker spearheaded the Suns ' attack with a game - high 28 points , and he added seven assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Brandon Knight was next with 25 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , two blocks and a steal . Alex Len filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , eight rebounds , four assists and a steal . Mirza Teletovic paced the Phoenix bench with 17 points , three assists , a rebound and a steal . The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They hit the road for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Friday night .
The Phoenix Suns ( 23 - 59 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 53 - 29 ) 114 - 105 at Talking Stick Arena on Wednesday . The Clippers strategically rested Blake Griffin , Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan , as their playoff seeding is locked in and neither a win or loss would have changed that outcome . The Suns , on the other hand , were looking to close out the season with a win for the hometown fans , and also had little draft positioning to worry about . Seven Suns players finished in double figures , but it was yet another strong performance from Mirza Teletovic , who finished with 22 points to lead the team in scoring alongside nine rebounds and two assists . Jon Leuer was strong on the glass and contributed 16 points and 14 boards , while Alan Williams saw increased playing time off the bench and capitalized on the opportunity . Williams scored 14 points , grabbed 12 rebounds and picked up a steal in 22 minutes of action . Jeff Greene and CJ Wilcox were the leaders off the bench for the Clippers , and combined for 38 points on 15 - of - 29 shooting . Pablo Prigioni and Austin Rivers started in the backcourt and the additional minutes will likely aid the Clippers as they head into the playoffs with the 4 - seed . Both players eclipsed 30 minutes of action , but played a rather slow paced game on their way to 24 combined points . The Clippers will meet the Portland Trail Blazers in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs , while the Suns will look to rebuild in the offseason .
The Toronto Raptors ( 50 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 3 - 2 ) 103 - 98 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma_City . After a back and forth battle over the first two quarters , the Raptors took a one - point lead into halftime . The Thunder then went off in the third quarter and gained some momentum , outscoring the Raptors 42 - 33 to take an eight - point lead . While the Thunder looked as if they were in control following that third quarter , the Raptors exploded in the fourth and pushed their way to a tough 103 - 98 victory on the road in Oklahoma_City . Overall , it was a relatively sloppy game , with the two teams combining for a whopping 34 turnovers . DeMar DeRozan had the hot hand for the Raptors , finishing with a game - high of 28 points ( 7 - 18 FG ) , to go along with five rebounds and three assists . He constantly forced his way to the free - throw line , hitting an impressive 14 - of - 15 attempts on the night . DeRozan is on a hot streak right now , combining for 48 points over his last two games and has been a huge reason the Raptors are still undefeated . Kyle Lowry also did his part Wednesday , contributing 17 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , four rebounds , and one assist . After averaging eight assists coming into this outing , it was quite uncharacteristic of Lowry to only dish out the one dime . His five turnovers also matched a season - high . Jonas Valanciunas double - doubled with 17 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and 11 rebounds over 29 minutes , which marked his second of the young season . The Thunder 's superstar duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook did everything they could to push Oklahoma_City to a win . Durant finished an impressive 10 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line for 27 points , while also adding seven rebounds and four assists . Offensively , Durant has been unstoppable to start this season , scoring 25 points or more in four of five games . Westbrook , on the other hand , nearly recorded the unconventional triple - double with 22 points ( 8 - 21 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , 16 assists , and eight turnovers . The 16 assists were a season - high for the guard , although the eight turnovers were as well , so it was n't all good . Enes Kanter had a big day as well , pitching in 15 of the bench 's 22 points . The Raptors will next head to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday , while the Thunder will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Thursday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 14 - 8 ) took down the Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 10 ) by a 107 - 94 final score Thursday night at the Chesapeake Energy Arena . The Thunder rode a 35 - point first quarter to an early lead and never trailed in the final three quarters as the home squad shot the lights out . Oklahoma_City shot a pristine 49 percent from the floor and 53 percent ( 9 - 17 ) from three - point land , an efficient attack that was too much for the Hawks to handle . The Hawks hit 10 threes of their own , but were manhandled on the boards , as the Thunder won the rebounding battle 52 - 34 . Kevin Durant notched a triple - double for the Thunder as he dropped 25 points , 12 rebounds and 10 assists on Atlanta . Russell Westbrook and Serge Ibaka scored 23 points each and both tallied double - doubles , as Westbrook distributed 10 assists and Ibaka pulled down 10 rebounds . Kent Bazemore did what he could off the bench to keep the Hawks in it , as he knocked down 22 points on a smooth 7 - 12 shooting night , including four three - pointers . Jeff Teague led Hawks starters with 18 points , while Al Horford suffered a terrible 3 - 14 shooting night and managed just nine points and seven rebounds . Paul Millsap also could n't get it going , as he managed only seven points on five field goal attempts over 33 minutes of action . The Hawks will face the Spurs on Saturday back in Atlanta in a marquee inter - conference matchup . The Thunder will go on the road to Utah for a Friday night game as they try to extend their winning streak to four .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 16 - 9 ) held off the Utah Jazz ( 10 - 12 ) 104 - 98 in an overtime thriller on Sunday . This was a a very close game throughout , until the overtime . Oklahoma_City scored eight unanswered points and held the Jazz to just two points in the extra five minutes . The worst part about that is that the one basket for Utah came with less than 10 seconds left , as the Thunder allowed a meaningless uncontested layup . Kevin Durant was the hero , as he tallied 29 points after the halftime buzzer . The free - throw shooting was a huge disparity as well , as the Thunder shot 90 percent on 30 attempts , while the Jazz shot 60 percent on 12 attempts . Utah has played this Oklahoma_City team tough twice in a row now , but just couldn’t come away with a win in either game . They lost both games close despite hanging around and just could n't hit any late baskets to pull off a big win . The offense and late game execution is really hurting this team right now and even with their stifling defense , they simply do n't score enough to win against teams as good as this . Three players scored at least 20 points tonight , as Gordon Hayward , Rodney Hood and Alec Burks all played well . It doesn’t get much easier , as the Jazz will travel to San Antonio to take on a Spurs team that is undefeated at home this season . The Thunder have now won nine of their last 11 games and their two superstars are playing brilliantly right now . Durant was white - hot here , catching fire in the second half for 29 points . He finished the game with 31 points , five rebounds and six assists in the win . Russell Westbrook was great as well , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Serge Ibaka had just seven points and seven rebounds , but recorded six blocks and made some huge stuffs at the end to seal the win . When all three of these guys are playing their roles to perfection , it 's hard to see anyone keeping up with them . Oklahoma_City will look to keep this hot stretch going against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 21 - 10 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 19 ) 122 - 112 on Sunday night . The final scoreline indicates a double - digit win , but the game was tight throughout . In fact , Denver had an eight - point lead going into the half , but allowed 69 second half points en route to a tough loss . This was far from a defensive struggle , as the Thunder shot an astounding 58 percent from the field while the Nuggets shot 49 percent . Denver came into this game as a 17 - point underdog and did well for themselves in a close loss . They played very good offense , but just didn’t do enough defensively to win the game . Kenneth Faried had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 25 points and 11 rebounds . Denver actually had five players score at least 15 points , but had no player dish out more than five assists . Will Barton had another nice game off the bench as well , as he tallied 19 points , five rebounds and five assists in the defeat . It goes down as a loss in the record book , but it was a productive game from team who was expected to get blown out . It doesn’t get much easier in their next game though , as they host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday in their next game . The Thunder have been playing some spectacular ball as of late and they appear unbeatable at home . They are now 14 - 4 at the Chesapeake Arena and scoring at will . Both Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant were on point tonight and once again carried them to a win . Westbrook flirted with a triple - double , as he amassed 30 points , 12 assists and nine rebounds , while Durant totaled 26 points , 10 assists and five rebounds . When these two are playing like that , this is one of the three best teams in the NBA . Enes Kanter also had a great game off the bench , tallying 21 points and eight rebounds on an efficient 7 - of - 8 shooting from the field and from the free - throw line . Oklahoma_City will look to build off this win when they host the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday .
The Oklahoma_City ( 28 - 12 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ' ( 22 - 18 ) benchwarmers 108 - 89 on Wednesday . The Thunder came into this game as huge favorites as Dallas rested all five starters after an overtime game on Tuesday . That left the Mavericks extremely shorthanded and they simply couldn’t score enough to keep pace with the Thunder . They trailed by 23 points at the half and it never got much closer after that . Oklahoma_City is one of the best rebounding teams in the NBA and that was the difference here , as the Thunder pulled down 54 boards to the Mavericks ' 41 . Dallas essentially decided to sacrifice a game to give their veterans a day off . The team really struggled with its long distance shooting , going 6 for 31 from three - point range . J.J. Barea carried the load in the loss , as he finished with 18 points and six assists . The candidate for surprise line of the night was Salah Mejri , who tallied 17 points and nine rebounds , which both surpassed his season totals in those statistics . Look for all the regulars to be back on Friday for their next game against the Chicago Bulls . The Thunder were expected to dominate here and they took care of business . If there was one blemish here , it would be that Russell Westbrook was ejected in the second quarter for accumulating two technical fouls . He failed to score for only the second time in his career . Kevin Durant stepped up his game in Westbrook 's absence , though , scoring 29 points while snatching down 10 rebounds . Serge Ibaka also had a nice 20 - point , 11 - rebound double - double as well . The Thunder will be big favorites in their next game as well when they play host to the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 29 - 12 ) took care of business against the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 29 ) in a 113 - 93 victory on Friday night . These are two teams going in opposite directions and that was clearly evident with this result . The Thunder got out to a 14 - point lead after the first quarter and never looked back after that . The assisting and turnovers were the difference in the game , as the Timberwolves really struggled against this potent defense . Minnesota finished the game with 15 assists and 12 turnovers , while Oklahoma_City finished with 31 assists and six turnovers . The Timberwolves were one of the surprise stories of the NBA in the first two weeks of the season , but they 've fallen back into lottery obscurity since . After starting the season 4 - 2 , they are now 8 - 27 over their last 35 games . The crazy thing about it is that they continue to start players like Kevin Garnett and Tayshaun Prince with some talented youngsters sitting on the bench . It was their most prized youngster who played well here , as Andrew Wiggins finished the game with 25 points in a solid performance . No other player scored more than 15 points in the loss and it was simply an ugly performance from the Wolves . Minnesota has a good chance at a win in their next game though , when they host the struggling Phoenix Suns on Sunday . The Thunder have beaten the Timberwolves in nearly every game since their move from Seattle to Oklahoma_City and the dominance continued here . After being ejected with zero points in his last game , Russell Westbrook bounced back nicely here with his fourth triple - double of the season . The amazing thing is that he did that in just 27 minutes of action . Kevin Durant was no slouch tonight either though , as he finished with 21 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the victory . Neither of those superstars played in the fourth quarter either and that 's a great way to earn your studs some extra rest . Dion Waiters also accumulated some good numbers in garbage time , as he scored 20 points in the win . Oklahoma_City has an interesting matchup in their next game , as they host the Miami Heat on Sunday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 30 - 12 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 23 - 18 ) 99 - 74 , Sunday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena . The Heat were hurting coming into this game . Goran Dragic ( calf ) and Beno Udrih ( neck ) both sat out , leaving Dwyane Wade to start despite sore shoulders . Gerald Green also left the game with a sore knee . In addition to the injuries , this was the final game of a six - game road trip for Miami , during which they went 2 - 4 . On the contrary , the Thunder are at full strength and have been hot , especially at home . They have now won 10 of their last 12 , improved their home record to 20 - 5 and picked up their 30th win of the season . Kevin Durant was certainly not reaching when he said that he sees them as a legitimate title contender . After a close half , Oklahoma blew the game open with a 31 - 16 third quarter . Russell Westbrook logged his second straight triple - double , with 13 points , 15 assists and 10 rebounds , in 33 minutes . This was Westbrook 's fifth triple - double of the season and 24th of his career . Kevin Durant led the Thunder in scoring with 24 points , along with 10 rebounds for his own double - double . Serge Ibaka shot 9 - 15 on his way 19 points and grabbed seven rebounds , in 32 minutes . Miami struggled holding onto the ball , giving up 21 turnovers on the game . They also got out - rebounded and struggled shooting from deep . A tough spot in the schedule and injuries may have slowed them down , especially in the second half . Dwyane Wade finished with 22 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) , three assists and two rebounds , in 28 minutes . Tyler Johnson started at point guard and produced a nice 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG ) , six rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes . Hassan Whiteside showed some offensive versatility , as he shot 7 - 9 on his way to 14 points . Whiteside also grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked four shots , in 33 minutes . The Heat will return home to host the Bucks , on Tuesday . They will then be embarking on another extended road trip . Miami will have to get back on track quickly in order to protect its position in the East . The Thunder will visit Denver to face off against the Nuggets on Tuesday . The Nuggets recently defeated the Warriors and therefore can not be taken lightly by opponent .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 36 - 13 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 24 ) 116 - 108 on Friday . The showdown between two of the most high - powered offenses in the Western Conference lived up to its billing , with the respective stars on both teams playing an integral part in lighting up the scoreboard . The Rockets held a 58 - 55 lead at intermission , and were scoring with relative ease throughout the first two quarters . However , the Thunder made a concerted effort to clamp down in the second half , a strategy that was largely effective as evidenced by the 38 and 23 percent tallies from the field and three - point range , respectively , that the visitors finished with . The home team also played much more efficiently around the basket , outrebounding Houston 57 to 40 and outscoring them in the paint , 58 - 50 . Even after Houston 's 80 run cut the Thunder lead to 112 - 106 with 1:20 remaining , Oklahoma_City insured that matters would end there by pressing James Harden on his last - gasp , 14 - foot step - back jump shot with 17 seconds remaining and grabbing the subsequent rebound . The Rockets were led by Harden 's 33 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and a block . Corey Brewer was next , registering 17 points , two rebounds , an assist and a block . Although the remaining three starters could only tally single - digit point totals , they made important contributions across the stat sheet . Trevor Ariza managed eight points , six rebounds , five assists , five steals and a block . Dwight Howard tallied eight points and eight rebounds , along with an assist and a pair of steals . However , he was only four of 15 from the free - throw line , and was ejected after amassing two technicals . Patrick Beverley contributed nine points , five rebounds , three assists , four steals and a block to round things out for the starting five , while Clint Capela paced the Houston bench with 12 points , three rebounds and a block . Despite the loss , the Rockets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to face the Wizards on Saturday . The Thunder received a pair of outstanding performances from the dynamic duo of Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant . Durant led the team with 33 points , and added 12 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . He also had played some solid defense in the second half to help lead the comeback . Westbrook chimed in with a triple - double , amassing 26 points , 14 assists , 10 rebounds , a steal and a block . Enes Kanter was highly efficient off the bench , amassing 22 points , 10 boards , a pair of steals and a block . He notably tallied 12 of his points in the final period , and hauled in the aforementioned final rebound off Harden 's miss . Dion Waiters was the only other Thunder player , starter or reserve , to manage double - digit scoring . He collected 16 points and added two rebounds and a steal . The Thunder remain atop the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They face off with the Wizards at home on Monday .
Kevin Durant made a three - pointer with one second remaining to give the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 38 - 13 ) a 117 - 114 win over the Orlando Magic ( 21 - 27 ) on Wednesday . Durant 's game - winner came after Russell Westbrook hit a game - tying layup with 30 seconds left just after a Serge Ibaka block . The key to victory for the Thunder was the rebounding , as they snatched down 50 boards to the Magic 's 39 . Orlando came into this matchup as a huge underdog , but gave a valiant effort in a tough defeat . Victor Oladipo fell one - point shy of his career - high , as he finished with 37 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the loss . Mario Hezonja gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 16 points and dished out four assists in under 20 minutes of play . Up next for Orlando is a game against the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday . The best scoring duo in the NBA carried their team to a win in this matchup and they needed every last point from both of them . Durant will steal the headlines with the game - winner , but Westbrook put up a monster triple - double in this win , as he tallied 24 points , 19 rebounds , 14 assists en route to his third - straight triple - double . Durant put up 37 points , five rebounds , five assists , three blocks and two steals in the victory as well . Ibaka didn’t have a big game on the surface as he failed to reach double - digits n both points and rebounds , but he swatted away six shots , including a huge one with less than 20 seconds left that ultimately saved the game . The Golden State Warriors are on deck for the Thunder and that matchup will take place on Saturday
The Golden_State Warriors ( 53 - 5 ) staged an almost unfathomable comeback to defeat the host Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 41 - 18 ) in overtime , 121 - 118 . Reigning MVP Steph Curry hit the game - winning shot , a record - tying 12th in the game . Curry had broken his own single - season three - point record earlier in the game . The Warriors continued their historically good season with the win in OKC , keeping up pace to break the 1995 - 96 Bulls ' record of 72 - 10 in the regular season . MVP Steph Curry led the way throughout , despite having to leave for the locker room after turning his ankle in the third quarter . Curry had 12 of the Warriors ' 14 threes - pointers , going 14 - for - 24 overall from the floor . Power forward Draymond Green , meanwhile , had 14 rebounds , 14 assists , four blocks , and six steals , but scored just two points on 0 - for - 8 shooting . Green allegedly went on an expletive - filled tirade in the locker room at halftime , insisting that he is `` not a robot . '' Despite this , the Warriors staged a comeback late in the game despite trailing until the final two minutes . The Thunder held a 62 - 32 advantage on the boards , but still were unable to put the game away . Former MVP Kevin Durant went off for 37 points including seven three - pointers . Big man Serge Ibaka also contributed heavily , pulling down 20 rebounds . It appeared as though OKC had the game in the bag , when a late - game turnover by Kevin Durant allowed veteran Andre Iguodala to get to the free - throw line and tie the game with 1 seconds left . The loss puts OKC at 1 - 4 after the All-Star Break , and the team is now nine games back from second place in the West . The Warriors will return home to face the Hawks on Tuesday . The Thunder , meanwhile , will visit the Kings in Sacramento on Monday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 45 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 44 - 21 ) 99 - 96 on Friday . Despite playoff contention being a distant dream at this point of the season , the Timberwolves and their talented core of young superstars have n't come close to giving up . This could hardly have been more evident Friday , when Minnesota pulled out one of the season 's most improbable victories by toppling the struggling yet third - seeded Thunder in their home arena . Oklahoma_City had appeared to put some of their recent sluggishness behind them by scoring consecutive victories over the Bucks and Clippers , after having lost six of the previous eight contests . However , they scuffled on offense throughout the night , shooting only 22 percent from three - point range and committing double the amount of turnovers ( 24 ) of the visitors . Ricky Rubio sealed the win for Minnesota with 0 seconds left by draining a clutch 24 - foot three - point jumper , after they 'd entered the fourth quarter trailing 73 - 66 . The Timberwolves were led by Gorgui Dieng 's near double - double that consisted of 25 points , nine boards , an assist , three blocks and two steals . Andrew Wiggins was next with 20 points , four assists and five steals . Karl-Anthony Towns followed with a 17 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included three blocks and a steal . Rubio rounded things out for the first unit with 13 points , 12 assists and three steals . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Monday . The Thunder 's two linchpins got virtually no offensive support from any of their teammates , a key factor in the unexpected loss . Kevin Durant tallied 28 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block , but did commit six turnovers . Russell Westbrook was close behind with 26 points , eight assists and four rebounds , but turned the ball over five times himself . However , Enes Kanter was the only other player to tally double - digit scoring , posting a 17 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . Among the starters , Serge Ibaka had one of the most forgettable games of his career , going scoreless over 20 minutes before fouling out . Andre Roberson could only contribute two points himself , and despite bringing in 13 rebounds , Steven Adams pitched in a modest eight points . Oklahoma_City remains in first place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and retains a hold on the third seed in the conference . They head to San Antonio for a Saturday night showdown with the Spurs .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 50 - 22 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 35 - 37 ) 113 - 91 on Thursday . This marks Oklahoma_City 's sixth straight win and it made Utah tied for the final playoff spot in the West . The game was well out of hand headed to the fourth quarter , as the Thunder had a 21 - point lead . The key for Oklahoma_City was the ball movement , as they recorded 27 assists to the Jazz ' 18 . Utah really struggled with their shooting , as they went 23 percent from three - point range and 70 percent from the free - throw line . Utah was a double - digit underdog headed into this game and they really didn’t put up much of a fight . No player on Utah scored more than 17 points and the five starters combined for just 34 points . Trey Burke led the team with 17 points off the bench , despite playing just 12 minutes . Gordon Hayward and Derrick Favors combined for just 13 points and four rebounds , which is simply too difficult to overcome . On deck for Utah is a matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday . With Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook both approaching triple - doubles , there wasn’t much doubt they 'd lose this game . Durant finished with 20 points , eight rebounds and nine assists , with Westbrook tallying 15 points , seven rebounds and nine assists of his own . Dion Waiters played well off the bench , as he amassed 17 points , three assists and three steals . The Thunder will look to extend their winning streak to seven games against San Antonio Spurs on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 2 - 2 ) handed the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 1 ) their first loss Monday , winning 106 - 101 at the Target Center . After jumping out to a commanding 13 - point lead in the first quarter , the T-Wolves failed to keep Damian Lillard at bay . Portland 's point guard poured in a season - high 34 points ( 14 - 25 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) with seven assists in 38 minutes . Minnesota nearly completed the rally from behind in the fourth quarter , but costly turnovers and missed free throws led to the T-Wolves ' demise . The new - look Blazers are really missing the presence of LaMarcus Aldridge down low , as they have n't been able to find consistent play in their frontcourt so far this season . Meyers Leonard and Mason Plumlee combined for just 13 points and 11 rebounds in 52 minutes . Portland has been forced to rely heavily on its guard play from Lillard and C.J. McCollum , who has provided the perfect complement at the two - guard spot . McCollum finished with 18 points , six rebounds , and four assists in 36 minutes . Rookie Karl-Anthony Towns has started off his NBA career on the right foot , but took a small step back against Portland on Monday . He had a quiet night offensively , scoring just 11 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting from the field and pulled down only five rebounds in 27 minutes . Towns was in foul trouble all night , but did however manage to block four shots and did an excellent job keeping the Blazers frontcourt in check . Ricky Rubio came just short of a triple - double with 12 points , nine assists , and nine rebounds in 32 minutes , while Andrew Wiggins had another off night shooting the basketball with 16 points on 5 - of - 17 from the field . The Blazers play the first game of a back - to - back Wednesday at Utah . Minnesota welcomes the Heat to town Thursday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 3 - 4 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 3 ) 104 - 95 on Tuesday night . The Timberwolves were coming into the game extremely hot an left extremely injured . They really caught fantasy owners off - guard , by scratching Andrew Wiggins and Ricky Rubio minutes before tip - off with no prior word of an injury . Charlotte capitalized on facing the B-squad for Minnesota and prevailed by drawing 22 turnover and shooting nearly 50 percent from the field . The benches were the big difference though , as Charlotte out - scored Minnesota 's bench 57 - 23 . The Hornets started off the season 0 - 3 , but have now won three of their last four . They have to credit this win to their bench , as they got 51 combined points from Cody Zeller , Jeremy Lin and Jeremy Lamb . Those three were amazingly efficient as well , shooting 19 - for - 29 from the field . The best starter was Nicolas Batum , who accumulated 17 points , six rebounds and three assists in the victory . This is a very talented roster from head - to - toe and they should continue to develop the more they play together . The Hornets will look to keep this momentum up against the New York Knicks on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back . Minnesota played this game without Ricky Rubio ( knee ) and Andrew Wiggins ( knee ) and it clearly hampered them in the loss . They did out - rebound the Wolves 48 - 34 , but simply couldn’t pull out the win with this depleted roster . The late scratches did open the door for some players though and the Wolves have to be encouraged with some of the performances . Zach LaVine got the start for Rubio and tallied 20 points , eight assists and five rebounds in the loss . Rookie Karl Anthony-Towns was also great in the loss , stuffing the stat sheet in a 19 point - 13 rebound line . The injuries don’t appear to be serious , but it 's definitely worth monitoring before the Wolves next game against the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 5 - 6 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 5 ) 114 - 106 on Sunday . Second-year Timberwolves point guard Zach LaVine had several breakout performances during his rookie campaign after starter Ricky Rubio went down for the season . Early in the 2015 - 16 campaign LaVine has once again benefited from Rubio 's injury troubles , and only foul trouble hindered him Sunday from potentially posting his best day as pro . LaVine tallied an incredible 25 points in just 17 minutes of court time , shooting 8 - for - 15 from the field , including 4 - for - 7 from three - point range . The scoring was LaVine 's second highest total of the season , and would have shattered his high - water mark of 26 points had his time on the court not been curtailed . Another pair of dynamic young Timberwolves , Andrew Wiggins and 2015 first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns , stepped up offensively in their own right to lead Minnesota . Wiggins amassed 21 points , while Towns ( 14 points , nine boards ) came within a rebound short of a double - double for the second straight game . The Timberwolves also enjoyed an extremely balanced effort from their bench , with four players ( Shabazz Muhammad , Andre Miller , Nemanja Bjelica , and Gorgui Dieng ) all pitching with eight - point efforts . The Timberwolves fell to 5 - 5 and reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They now head to Miami for a Tuesday tilt versus the Heat . The Grizzlies received a much - needed offensive boost from a somewhat unlikely source Sunday , as Jeff Green reentered the starting lineup with rousing success . Green poured in 21 points over a season - high 35 minutes on impressive 7 - of - 12 shooting . Meanwhile , Mike Conley continued to claw back from the low point of his season , a four - point , 1 - of - 12 shooting performance last Wednesday versus the Warriors . Conley tallied his first 20 - point effort since Nov. 7 , and chipped in seven assists and two steals . Frontcourt mates Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph had strong games of their own , with Gasol holding his own against the rookie sensation Towns to the tune of 16 points , seven rebounds , four assists , and a pair of blocks . Even new acquisition Mario Chalmers got into the act , pitching in 16 points off the bench over 18 minutes for his best game yet in a Grizzlies uniform . JaMychal Green also represented the Memphis reserves well , with a 12 - point outing . Memphis improved to 5 - 6 and resides in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home for a date with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday .
In a down - to - the - wire game , the Orlando Magic ( 10 - 8 ) were able to pull out a win against the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 10 ) , finishing up 96 - 93 . Orlando is now in the Eastern Conference playoff picture , and the win against the Timberwolves marks the team 's fourth straight . Center Nikola Vucevic was a difference - maker for the Magic , recording a team - high 37 minutes and an 18 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . Orlando seemed to ride Vucevic 's hot hand all night , as he took a game - high 19 shots . The game also marked the continuation of shooting guard Victor Oladipo 's new role as a sixth man , a change that seems to have benefited Orlando 's rotations . Oladipo followed up a 19 - point outing off the bench against Boston with 13 points tonight to go with four rebounds , four assists , and three steals . All in all , the Magic appear to be clicking , as they now have a substantial win streak and sit two games above .500 . For the Timberwolves , meanwhile , the close loss saw some unorthodox rotations from coach Sam Mitchell . As rookie center Karl-Anthony Towns struggled from the field ( 2 - for - 11 ) , backup big man Gorgui Dieng stepped in to play a season - high 29 minutes . Dieng looked solid defensively , recording three blocks and a steal while also playing efficient offense , tallying 11 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting . The Louisville alum has seen a steady uptick in minutes recently , and with his elevated play , this could be a continuing trend in the crowded Minnesota frontcourt . With four straight wins under their belt , the Magic will hope to extend the streak even further as they face the Jazz on Thursday . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves will look to bounce back on Saturday as they prepare to square off against Portland .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 9 - 12 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 11 ) by a score of 109 - 103 , on Saturday night in Minnesota . Minnesota started strong and was up 59 - 46 going into half but Portland came out of the dressing room with a boom , outscoring the 'Wolves 63 - 44 in the second half . Karl-Anthony Towns had a huge game , responding to his recent limited minutes with a monstrous 27 point , 12 rebound game . Towns sank a late three to bring the game within two but the Blazers had the answer . Andrew Wiggins went 6 - 15 from the field and finished with 17 points and five rebounds , in a heavy 40 minutes . Ricky Rubio scored nine points on 1 - 5 shooting but grabbed six rebounds and dished a most impressive 15 assists . Gorgui Dieng chipped in 15 points , on 6 - 8 shooting , and five rebounds , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Trail_Blazers had six players score in double digits and shot strong percentages going 50 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . Damian Lillard led Portland in scoring with 19 points , along with seven assists and three rebounds , in 37 minutes . Ed Davis tallied 13 points on 5 - 6 shooting , eight rebounds and two blocked shots , in 27 minutes off the bench . Al-Farouq Aminu played well , shooting 5 - 7 from the field and finishing with 16 points , three rebounds and three steals . C.J. McCollum continued his strong play and showed he can do more than score with six assists and five rebounds to go along with his 17 points . Next up Minnesota will host the Clippers on Monday . Portland will be in Milwaukee on Monday
The Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 14 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 15 ) 112 - 100 on Tuesday . The Nuggets had an outstanding shooting night overall , and benefited from solid efforts all across their roster . Four Denver starters tallied double - digit scoring , while reserve Randy Foye shared in the team lead with 19 points over 25 minutes . Kenneth Faried equaled Foye 's point total , and also managed his third double - double over the last four games by hauling in 10 boards . Overall , the visitors managed stellar 56 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . In addition to Faried 's and Foye 's team - leading totals , the Nuggets also received 15 points from Danilo Gallinari for the second straight game . The resurgent small forward has now rattled off 13 consecutive double - digit scoring performances , a benefit of his rare extended stretch of health . Big man Joffrey Lauvergne pitched in with a second straight efficient performance ( 11 points , seven rebounds ) , and has now managed an outstanding 25 points over 37 minutes on the court over the last two games . Jameer Nelson once again started in place of Emmanuel Mudiay ( ankle ) , and contributed all across the stat sheet with 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals . Will Barton had another productive outing off the bench , pouring in 14 points . Denver improved to 11 - 14 and currenly resides in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They now head to Utah for a Friday showdown with the Jazz . The Timberwolves were led by Andrew Wiggins , who posted a game - high 23 points . Karl-Anthony Towns was next in line with 18 points and six rebounds , while Ricky Rubio came within an assist of a double - double . The Minnesota point guard contributed 13 points , nine dimes and four rebounds after a one - point performance in his most recent contest . After three consecutive double - digit scoring outings that made it seem as if he was back on track , guard Kevin Martin notably crashed back down to earth with only two points on 1 - of - 8 shooting over 22 minutes . Zach LaVine ( 25 minutes ) outpaced Martin in playing time as a result , and exploded with 20 points , five assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block to lead the Minnesota reserves . Minnesota fell to 9 - 15 and remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to New York for a Wednesday matchup against the Knicks .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 27 - 12 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 27 ) 101 - 96 on Tuesday night . This was a major mismatch on paper , but this game was closer than expected . Minnesota actually made a huge run in the fourth quarter to nearly cap off a double - digit comeback . What killed Minnesota once again were it 's starters , as they amassed just 41 points between the five of them . That 's actually less points than Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook combined who scored 52 of their own . The Thunder have been one of the best teams in the NBA since December and that continued here . They got out to an early double - digit lead and never looked back after that . Westbrook and Durant once again carried the load , as they combined for 52 points , 14 rebounds and 14 assists in the win . Enes Kanter continued his fantastic bench production , as he scored 18 points in less than 20 minutes of action . It 's quite bizarre actually , considering Kanter is ranked as one of the 10 best big men in the NBA on a per - minute rate . They simply need to get him some more minutes if the Thunder want to get to their full potential . Oklahoma_City 's next game will be on Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks . The Timberwolves are easily one of the worst home teams in the NBA , but they played well here . They are now just 5 - 17 at Target Center and it 's a wonder why such a young team is so bad in their home arena . In any case , most of their youngsters played great here , as Shabazz Muhammad , Zach LaVine and Andrew Wiggins all scored at least 20 points . LaVine put in the most impressive line , as he accumulated 21 points , nine rebounds and four assists in one of his best games of the season . Minnesota will look to get out of this slump in their next game when they take on the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 29 ) saw their woes continue on Sunday after being blown out 117 - 87 by the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 29 ) . While the Suns ' slide continued , the Timberwolves were able to turn their recent bad luck around . Coming into Sunday 's matchup , the Wolves had dropped 13 of their last 14 games . One would not have guessed that based on Sunday 's game , however , as the Timberwolves shot 57 percent from the field while out - rebounding the Suns 41 - 30 . The Wolves also had a huge advantage at the free - throw line , knocking down 31 of a whopping 40 free - throw attempts as opposed to the Suns ' paltry 14 for 25 . Minnesota 's pair of first - overall picks shone brightly in just 50 combined minutes , with Andrew Wiggins delivering 18 points to go with four assists and four rebounds and Karl-Anthony Towns going for 14 points , eight rebounds , and three blocks . The Suns now stand in a similar position to Minnesota , having lost 13 of their last 14 . Phoenix 's downward spiral has been due in large part to star point guard Eric Bledsoe 's season - ending meniscus injury . The guard was averaging 20 points per game and also sat in the top 10 in the NBA in steals per game prior to his injury . On Sunday , the team simply failed to click on all levels , shooting just 43 percent including a disastrous 20 percent from beyond the arc . Phoenix had major issues with ball movement , racking up just 16 assists on the night . The Suns ' next matchup will be against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday . Minnesota , meanwhile , will travel to New Orleans on Tuesday to take on the Pelicans .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 19 - 32 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 16 - 37 ) 116 - 102 on Monday . A trio of stellar performances and outstanding ball security were the keys to a resounding victory for the Pelicans . Three of their most dependable players - - Anthony Davis , Ryan Anderson and Jrue Holiday - - combined for 80 of the team 's 116 points on the night , and New_Orleans turned the ball over just four times on the way to only their sixth road victory of the season . The visitors also shot 49 percent from the field and 42 from behind the arc , while limiting Minnesota to a 17 percent success rate from long range . Davis and Holiday were the top scorers for the Pelicans with 27 points apiece . The former added eight rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals , while the latter dished out nine assists , hauled in six boards and recorded three steals in 28 minutes off the bench . Anderson also put together a remarkable performance in a reserve capacity , tallying 26 points , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Norris Cole was the only other player to manage double - digit scoring , supplying 10 points , six assists and three rebounds . The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division despite the victory . They head home to face the Utah Jazz on Wednesday . Minnesota lost handily despite seven players - - four starters and three reserves - - recording double - digit scoring efforts . Karl-Anthony Towns got things started with a 19 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Frontcourt mate Gorgui Dieng hung tough against Anthony Davis , registering 12 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and a block . Andrew Wiggins poured in 15 points but could n't add much else , recording only a pair of assists and a pair of blocks in addition to the scoring . Ricky Rubio rounded things out for the starters with 11 points , seven assists and five boards . The reserves were paced by Shabazz Muhammad 's 14 points , which he complemented with nine rebounds and an assist . Zach LaVine also pitched in with 12 points , two rebounds , two assists and three blocks , while Nemanja Bjelica contributed 10 points , four rebounds and an assist in what was a highly productive evening for the Timberwolves bench . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home again Wednesday to face off against the Raptors .
The New_York Knicks ( 24 - 33 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 17 - 39 ) 103 - 95 on Saturday . The Knicks got off to a hot start here and stepped on the Wolves throats early . It was the first and third quarters that really propelled them , as the Knicks outscored the Timberwolves by 24 points in that 24 - minute span . The rebounding was key , as New_York snatched down 51 rebounds to Minnesota 's 31 . The Knicks also shot 51 percent from the field , while holding the Timberwolves to 43 percent shooting . New_York has really been struggling recently , so this was a much needed win . Carmelo Anthony led the team with 30 points , while also providing 11 rebounds and four assists . Robin Lopez was a huge spark , as he totaled 26 points and 16 rebounds in one of his best performances of the season . No player totaled more than four assists , so it was a lot of ISO ball that got it done for the Knicks . Up next for New_York is a matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Monday . Minnesota did a great job of fighting late , but dug themselves too deep of a hole to come back . They outscored the Knicks by 12 in the final quarter , while amassing 34 points . Karl Anthony-Towns was the best player , as he accumulated 24 points , eight rebounds , four assists and three blocks in the defeat . Ricky Rubio did a great job of distributing , dishing out 16 assists in the loss . On deck for Minnesota is the Boston Celtics on Tuesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 49 ) held off the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 54 ) for a 121 - 116 win on Monday . Minnesota took a 15 - point lead headed into the fourth and nearly let it get away . The Suns outscored the Timberwolves 32 to 22 in the final 12 minutes , but missed some crucial free - throws late to close the gap . The shooting was key for Minnesota , as they shot 51 percent from the field and made 32 free - throws in their win . Phoenix did a great job of fighting back , but couldn’t muster up enough for the comeback . Brandon Knight scored 27 points in the first half , but finished the game with only 30 while struggling in the second half . Devin Booker was spectacular as well , as he scored 30 of his own . Both of those guards dished out five assists as well . Alex Len double - doubled in the loss , as he amassed 14 points , 13 rebounds and three steals . Mirza Teletovic was a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 19 of his own . On deck for the Suns is a matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday . Minnesota got some great performances from their youngsters in a much needed win . Andrew Wiggins scored a game - high 32 points , while going 17 - for - 21 from the free - throw line . Karl-Anthony Towns was also a beast , as he tallied 27 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Ricky Rubio approached a triple - double as well , as he accumulated 17 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds . The Timberwolves will look to keep this going against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 47 - 27 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 35 - 50 ) 99 - 79 on Wednesday . This game looked lopsided in the first quarter and it didn’t get much better after that . The Clippers carried a 26 - point lead into the fourth quarter and dominated throughout . The key for Los_Angeles was their defense , as they held Minnesota to under 35 percent shooting and forced them to commit 16 turnovers . To put that in perspective , Los_Angeles committed just seven turnovers and shot 44 percent from the field . The Clippers continue to battle for playoff positioning and easy wins like this are a great momentum booster . Chris Paul was majestic , as he tallied 20 points , 16 assists and eight rebounds in the win . J.J. Redick also played well , as he amassed 17 points , three rebounds and three assists . No other player scored more than 11 , but they got a nice rest with no one playing more than 30 minutes . Up next for the Clippers is a matchup with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday . Losses like this are expected with a young team like Minnesota and there are still things to take away . Karl-Anthony Towns led the team with 16 points , while also grabbing 11 boards . Andrew Wiggins really struggled though , as he collected just seven points and one assist , while committing six turnovers on 3 - for - 9 shooting . Minnesota will play the Utah Jazz in their next game on Friday .
Though the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 2 ) made a late fourth quarter push to come back from a 30 - point deficit , they ultimately fell short Wednesday against the Trail_Blazers , losing to the home team by a 112 - 94 count . Despite having starting point guard Jrue Holiday back for Wednesday’s game after he rested during Tuesday’s loss to the Golden State Warriors , the Pelicans still quickly found themselves in an immediate hole . They trailed 43 - 18 after one quarter , and 70 - 43 at the half , while looking about as inept as possible on both ends of the court . Much of the team’s struggles were a byproduct of their mounting injury list , which again forced Anthony Davis to see heightened defensive attention . He would rebound from a slow start to finish with 25 points in 40 minutes , to go along with 10 rebounds , and a pair of blocks and steals . Of course , the Trail_Blazers had a hand in the Pelicans’ demise , and New_Orleans’ chief source of anguish was C.J. McCollum . After Stephen Curry lit the Pelicans up for 24 points in the first quarter of Tuesday’s game , McCollum responded with a 22 - point effort in the first quarter . He would finish the night with a career - high 37 points , while Damian Lillard chipped in with 21 points and 11 assists . The Blazers will play their second game of the season in Phoenix on Friday , while the Pelicans will head back to New_Orleans for a rematch Saturday with the Warriors .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 7 - 10 ) handed the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 13 ) another loss , with a score of 108 - 96 on Saturday night . Portland jumped out to a commanding start with a 34 - 21 first quarter . The Lakers came out a little bit stronger in the second half but could not stay consistent enough to do any serious damage as the Trail_Blazers held the lead for the length of the game . Kobe Bryant played 34 minutes and led the Lakers in scoring with 21 points , shooting 7 - 20 from the field . Julius Randle has been a glimmer of hope in this terrible season for the Lakers . Randle played a strong game Saturday night shooting 8 - 13 from the field and finished with 16 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals in 29 minutes . Jordan Clarkson contributed 19 points , four assists , four steals and three rebounds , while D'Angelo Russell added 16 points , five assists and four rebounds . The Blazers were led by their dynamic backcourt as Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum scored a combined 57 points . Lillard finished with 29 points , seven assists and four rebounds in 35 minutes . McCollum finished with 28 points on strong 12 - 20 shooting from the field , including 4 - 7 from deep . No other players scored in double digits for the Blazers . Meyers Leonard was back in action after recovering from a dislocated shoulder , and posted seven points , six rebounds and one block in 21 minutes off the bench . Next up for Portland will be a trip to L.A. to face the Clippers on Monday , a game the Clippers will not want to let slip . Meanwhile , the Lakers will be right back in action on Sunday as they host Indiana .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 8 - 12 ) took the lead with a 41 - point third quarter Thursday night against the Indiana Pacers ( 12 - 6 ) and held on for the 123 - 111 victory at the Moda Center . Trail_Blazers guard Damian Lillard scored 11 of his 26 points in the third quarter . With 6:52 remaining in the period , Lillard knocked down one of his five three - pointers of the game to give Portland a 74 - 71 lead , a lead they would not relinquish . Lillard 's 26 points led Portland , and his eight assists were a game high . Backcourt mate C.J. McCollum added 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . Allen Crabbe tied his career high set on Tuesday with 18 points off the bench . He shot 4 - 5 from three - point land , helping the Trail_Blazers shoot a robust 18 - 36 from deep on the night . Pacers guard C.J. Miles caught fire from three as well , as he poured in 27 points to lead Indiana , fueled by eight three - pointers . George Hill scored 18 points and Ian Mahinmi notched a double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds , but Pacers superstar Paul George was quiet , scoring 11 on a poor 4 - 17 shooting night . Despite shooting 43 percent from three , the Pacers shot just 43 percent from the floor overall . Indiana will look to rebound Saturday night against the Jazz in Utah . Portland 's next game comes on the road at Minnesota on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 14 - 20 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 21 ) 110 - 103 on Wednesday night . This win gave Portland their third - straight and they 've done that without Damian Lillard . The starters were the big difference in the game , as the Trail_Blazers starting - five outscored Denver 's 76 - 53 . The Nuggets defense struggled yet again , as Portland shot nearly 50 percent from the field . The game was close throughout , but Portland continued to keep a distance from Denver and simply held them off til the final whistle . Denver is in the midst of a terrible slump right now , as this loss marks their seventh in their last eight games . It 's not just the defense that has slowed this team down , as both ends of the floor are a struggle right now . Much of that can be attributed to the injuries and it 's hard to imagine this team playing consistently until they are fully healthy . Will Barton played his homecoming game here and performed spectacularly , tallying 31 points , five rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Gary Harris also played well , as he scored 19 points and grabbed four rebounds . The good news is that Danilo Gallinari , Emmanuel Mudiay and Jusuf Nurkic are all due back to return within a week and this team will be greatly improved with those three starters back in the fold . The Nuggets wo n't play again until Saturday when they take on the Golden State Warriors in a game where they 'll surely be huge underdogs . The Blazers have been playing without Damian Lillard recently and playing well . He is unarguably the star of the team , but C.J. McCollum is doing a heck of a job controlling the offense in his absence . He had yet another great game here , as he contributed 29 points , three rebounds and four assists in the win . Allen Crabbe also had one of his best games of the season , as he scored 20 points and grabbed five boards . This young team is showing some promise and they should be an interesting team once Lillard returns . Portland 's next game will be on Thursday against the Utah Jazz .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 19 - 17 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 15 - 22 ) 91 - 78 on Monday . Damian Lillard ( foot ) returned to the starting lineup after missing the last seven games . The hometown Blazers crowd was ecstatic to have their all star point guard back , but it looks like Lillard will need another game or two to shake the cobwebs off . He finished with 17 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting in 35 minutes . Allen Crabbe returned to his bench role and added nine points and six rebounds , while C.J. McCollum rounded out the backcourt with 16 points , four assists and two rebounds . Turnovers were an issue for the guard rotation throughout the effort , and the Grizzlies slow , physical game plan took advantage of the 22 mistakes Portland committed . Lillard was responsible for seven of the turnovers , but the Blazers are aware of the hindering foot injury and it should not be long before he returns to his elite level of play . Al-Farouq Aminu converted a double - double to lead the frontcourt , adding 15 points and 14 rebounds . Aminu’s career high 11 points per game and 7 rebounds per game are proving to be a strong signing for Portland . The Trail_Blazers will host the Los Angeles Clippers ( 22 - 13 ) on Wednesday . Memphis is coming off a tough overtime loss to the Utah Jazz on Saturday , where point guard Mike Conley ( back ) played 41 minutes on a sore back . The day off was spent traveling , but the Grizzlies staple is their tough , physical style of play . The Blazers never came within striking distance and that came on the shoulders of Zach Randolph , who added 26 points and 18 rebounds in 31 minutes off the bench . Jeff Green and Matt Barnes started at the forward positions , but struggled to aid the scoring sheet after combining to go 3 - for - 17 from the field . Conley contributed nine points , four assists and two rebounds , while not allowing a turnover , in 26 minutes . The Grizzlies managed the clock well , took care of the basketball and won the rebounding battle ( 52 - 42 ) to spoil Lillards return and come away with a road win . The Grizzlies tough road trip continues when they face the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 24 - 11 ) on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 16 - 24 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 26 - 12 ) 115 - 110 on Sunday . The Thunder shot the ball more efficiently than the Blazers and looked to rip off a strong run behind the highest scoring duo in Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant , but the high power offense came up just short , as Damian Lillard drained back - to - back 3 - pointers late in the 4th quarter . While Durant was heating up , primarily on strong ball movement lead by Westbrook , the Thunder tried to pull away by double - digits in the 3rd and 4th quarters , but the Blazers simply hung around for long enough to turn the momentum in their favor . Oklahoma_City received almost the entirety of their offense from the starters , as the bench provided a lowly 16 points combined from Dion Waiters , Enes Kanter and Cameron Payne . Kevin Durant led the Thunder with 28 points , to go along with six rebounds and four assists , while Russell Westbrook added 25 points , 15 assists ( 10 dimes in the first half ) and nine rebounds . Steven Adams hauled in a double - double , as he contributed 17 points and 10 rebounds , while Serge Ibaka and Andre Roberson finished in double - figures to round out the starting five . Billy Donovan did not rely on his bench and only Dion Waiters eclipsed 20 - plus minutes on a reserved role , as the starters all played 30 - plus minutes in the contest . The Thunder will continue their road trip when they visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 26 ) on Tuesday . Damian Lillard did not back down from the difficult matchup against Russell Westbrook , and knocked down the game tying and go ahead 3 - pointers to earn the comeback win . The Blazers were battling uphill throughout the majority of the game and it came behind sub - 40 percent shooting through three quarters of play . The 4th quarter was an entirely different story , and when Lillard gets a hot hand , he can be one of the deadliest deep ball shooters in the league . The all star point guard finished with 31 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting ( 8 - of - 14 from 3 - point territory ) , to go along with seven rebounds and nine assists . C.J. McCollum poured in 22 points to aid the scoring , adding four 3 - pointers of his own . Mason Plumlee pitched in 11 points and 11 rebounds , while Allen Crabbe and Ed Davis ( knee ) contributed double figures from the bench . Portland has been one of the bigger surprises this season , after many predicted them to have one of the league’s worst records after the departure of LaMarcus Aldridge , the Blazers improved to 9 - 9 at home and are approaching 20 wins before the all - star break . The Blazers will host the Utah Jazz ( 17 - 20 ) on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 20 - 26 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 37 ) 121 - 103 at Moda Center on Saturday . Los_Angeles fell behind early , and aside from a late second quarter run , they were never able to come within striking distance . It proved to be another Kobe Bryant filled atmosphere , as the 20 year veteran played his last game in Portland . Bryant finished with 10 points on nine shots . No Lakers player received more than 30 minutes of playing time , and coach Byron Scott experimented with a variety of lineups throughout the game . D’Angelo Russell put forth one of his best campaigns during his rookie season and finished with 21 points ( 8 - of - 12 FG , 1 - of - 2 3PT , 4 - of - 5 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists coming off the bench . Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson combined for 26 point , while Julius Randle added 11 points and nine rebounds . The Lakers are now owners of a six game losing streak . Los_Angeles will host the Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 20 ) on Monday . Portland entered the contest with a major matchup advantage in the backcourt and Damian LIllard and CJ McCollum shot lights out as a result . Lillard led all scorers with 36 points ( 14 - of - 19 FG , 5 - of - 8 3PT , 3 - of - 4 FT ) and constantly kept the Lakers out of reach . McCollum added 28 points on 50 percent shooting and the combo guards were simply too much to handle , as it helped the Blazers successfully outrun their opponents , both in transition and in the half court offense . Portland dominated the glass and won the rebounding battle 42 - 30 , led by a balanced mix of starters and bench players . Mason Plumlee totaled 13 points and eight rebounds , Noah Venloe added 11 points and six rebounds and Ed Davis contributed eight boards off the bench . Portland will host the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 23 ) on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 34 - 16 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 24 - 27 ) 110 - 103 on Thursday night . Toronto led 37 - 25 after the first quarter and never looked back . Not only did the Raptors outrebound the Blazers 45 - 40 , their three - point shooting was a huge difference as well , with Toronto going 12 - for - 19 while the Trail_Blazers went 10 - for - 25 . This now gives the Raptors their 13th win in their last 14 games . It was the guard - play that once again carried them , with Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan having big games . Lowry finished with 30 points , eight assists , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the win , despite committing seven turnovers . DeRozan tallied 29 points , five rebounds and four assists in the victory . Jonas Valanciunas also played well , as he double - doubled in a 14 - point , 11 - rebound performance . Toronto has a few days off until their next game , when they take on the Detroit Pistons Monday . It 's not too often that the Blazers frontcourt gets outdueled , but that was the case here . Damian Lillard really struggled with his shot for the first three quarters in the loss , as he want 2 - for - 7 from the field , but still amassed 27 points and 11 assists in the defeat . C.J. McCollum scored 22 points of his own and also snatched down six rebounds in a solid performance . The only other player to score more than 10 points was Allen Crabbe , who scored 17 points off the bench . On deck for Portland is a game against the Houston Rockets on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 35 - 32 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 28 - 37 ) 121 - 84 at Moda Center on Saturday . The Blazers won by the definition of team effort and the scoring outburst from their bench . Granted , the Magic were thin in terms of talent , as Elfrid Payton ( elbow ) , Brandon Jennings ( achilles ) and Nikola Vucevic ( groin ) were all out for the game . Portland dominated every quarter of play and went into the half with a 21 point lead , and the efficient shooting as a whole kept Orlando out of striking distance throughout the final two quarters . The Blazers were led by Damian Lillard , who fell below scoring average , which is good for fifth in the league this year , but still turned in 19 points , 10 assists and four rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting . C.J. McCollum added 18 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with three assists and one board . The starters kept the Magic at bay , but the bench added fuel to the fire in turning this game into a blowout . Gerald Henderson , Allen Crabbe and Meyers Leonard each played 20 - plus minutes , and combined 42 points on 15 - of - 23 shooting . Dewayne Dedmon and C.J. Watson started alongside Evan Fournier , Aaron Gordon and Victor Oladipo , but their lowly five combined points showed how thin the Magic are as a unit . Oladipo led Orlando in scoring , as he contributed 18 points , one assist and one rebound , while Gordon totaled 17 points , three dimes and four boards . The Blazers will visit the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 44 - 23 ) on Monday , while the Magic host the Denver Nuggets ( 27 - 38 ) on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 37 - 35 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 36 - 35 ) 109 - 103 on Wednesday . After a 132 - 120 overtime defeat on Sunday in Dallas , the Trail_Blazers came in to Wednesday looking to turn the tables . Priority one was likely putting the clamps on ageless veteran Dirk Nowitzki , who had scorched them for a season - high 40 points just three nights prior . Portland did a much more effective job Wednesday , holding the Mavs power forward to 21 points , nine rebounds , three assists and a block . Wesley Matthews did have one of his more effective nights of the season against his former teammates while posting 22 points , but Damian Lillard and the rest of the Trail_Blazers starting five proved too much for the visitors . Matthews ' scoring total did pace Dallas , and he added five rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Salah Mejri put together another impressive outing in a second straight start , tallying a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Deron Williams followed with his own double - double , managing 12 points , 11 assists , four rebounds and a steal . J.J. Barea paced the reserves with 14 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal . Devin Harris was also effective off the bench , totaling 11 points , four rebounds and a pair of steals . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed as well . They head to Oakland to take on the Golden State Warriors on Friday night . Lillard 's game - high 27 points spearheaded the Portland attack , and he complemented it with six rebounds , six assists , two blocks and a steal . He did commit seven turnovers , the only blemish on his otherwise stellar performance . Ed Davis was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists and three steals . C.J. McCollum and Maurice Harkless followed with a pair of 14 - point efforts . McCollum also dished out four assists and hauled in a rebound , while Harkless posted four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Miles Plumlee pitched in with 10 points , eight boards , an assist , three steals and a pair of blocks . Al-Farouq Aminu rounded out a successful night for the starting five with 10 points , 10 rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . The Trail_Blazers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Los Angeles to take on the Clippers on Thursday night .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 39 - 36 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 29 - 45 ) 105 - 93 at Moda Center on Monday . The high scoring first quarter fell by the wayside in favor of the Blazers , as their ridiculously hot three point shooting kept the Kings at a major distance . Portland continues to exceed expectations in the Western Conference , and they currently hold the 6 - seed for the playoff picture , with the 5 - seed within reach . As a unit , the Blazer shot 14 - of - 29 from behind the arc and moved the ball around the perimeter in supreme fashion , as they assisted each other 25 times . Allen Crabbe was the unusual standout off the bench and led his team in scoring with 21 points . Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum combined for 29 points , 12 assists and three rebounds , Al Farouq Aminu added 14 points and eight boards . Once the starters handled business through the first three quarters , the Kings were able to take advantage of a merry go - round bench in the fourth quarter , but even Portland’s lowly 14 fourth quarter points were enough to hold off any kind of comeback . Sacramento has all but fallen by the wayside in the Western Conference , and given a night where pretty much every Kings starter did not play , Seth Curry rose above the rest to have a solid performance in his third consecutive start . Curry scored a career - high 21 points , to go along with four rebounds , one assists and two steals in 34 minutes of action . The younger brother of the reigning MVP even flashed his range , as he went 3 - of - 6 from behind the arc . Most of the starters saw 30 - plus minutes of action , and the Kings only went eight players deep , but all five starters finished in double figures . The Blazers defense proved too much too handle , which made sense given the firepower that coach Terry Stotts had at his disposal without having to face DeMarcus Cousins or Rajon Rondo . The Kings will welcome the Washington Wizards ( 36 - 37 ) on Wednesday , while the Blazers will look to catch the Memphis Grizzlies in the playoff race when they host the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 30 ) on Thursday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 41 - 36 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 44 - 32 ) 110 - 93 on Saturday . This gives Portland four - straight wins and the Heat continue to struggle without Dwyane Wade . The Trail_Blazers came out blazing , as they led by 17 at halftime . The offense was on point for Portland , as they shot 52 percent from the field and 63 percent from three - point range . They also held Miami to 39 percent shooting in a defensive showcase . This loss moved Miami out of the top - spot in their division and they need Wade back as soon as possible . They have now lost two of their last three on this West Coast road trip nd luckily have a few days off . Luol Deng did play well though , as he scored 14 points and brought down 13 rebounds . Hassan Whiteside had another great game off the bench , as he tallied 20 points , 13 rebound and four blocks in the defeat . Up next for Miami is a matchup with the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday . Portland continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be . C.J. McCollum led the team with 24 points while also providing seven assists and four steals . Mason Plumlee also had a nice game , as he amassed 17 points , eight rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Trail_Blazers is a matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Sunday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 44 - 38 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 33 - 49 ) 107 - 99 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The Blazers solidified the 5 - seed in the Western Conference playoffs after their win over the Nuggets and it came on the back of Damian Lillard . The Blazers point guard finished with 21 points , three rebounds and five assists on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Lillard’s backcourt partner , C.J. McCollum , who has been instrumental in the Blazers eclipsing 40 wins this season , aided the scoring department with 17 points , in addition to three rebounds and five assists . Portland got off to a slow start and trailed the Nuggets at the end of the first quarter , but they quickly rallied in the second quarter to take a lead into halftime and did not look back . Emmanuel Mudiay closed out his first season in the NBA with an impressive 25 point scoring performance , which led the game . Mudiay added four rebounds and six assists , but played with patience throughout the game and only turned the ball over four times , which he has improved upon as the season went on . Nikola Jokic added 18 points and 13 rebounds , while Kenneth Faried contributed 12 points , eight rebounds and two blocks in just under 20 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets out - rebounded and out - assisted the Blazers , but they were unable to hit needed free throws throughout the game , which became the difference maker down the stretch . The Blazers prepare to take on the Los Angeles Clippers in the Western Conference playoffs , while the Nuggets will look towards the offseason .
The Warriors got off to a strong start in defense of their title Tuesday night , claiming a resounding 111 - 95 victory over the Pelicans . New_Orleans was already in a tough spot before the game even started , as six players ( Omer Asik , Tyreke Evans , Jrue Holliday , Luke Babbitt , Quincy Pondexter , and Norris Cole ) were ruled out , leaving just nine players available . To make matters worse , the Pelicans would later lose Dante Cunningham to a possible concussion . The pressure of keeping the Pelicans afloat fell squarely on Anthony Davis , who shot a woeful 4 - for - 20 from the field to finish with 18 points in what amounted to one of the worst games of his young career . A 17 - point , 10 - assist outburst off the bench by the recently signed Ish Smith enabled the Pelicans to stay within shouting distance by halftime , but the Warriors extended their lead to 19 by the end of the third quarter to put the came out of reach . Leading the Golden_State attack was league MVP Stephen Curry , who came out guns blazing in the first 12 minutes . He set a personal - best mark in first quarter scoring with 24 points , and didn’t cool off much from there , ending the night with 40 points and seven assists on 14 - for - 24 shooting . Curry’s electrifying performance made up for quiet offensive nights from fellow starters Klay Thompson , Harrison Barnes , and Draymond Green , but the trio certainly made their presence felt . Green in particular was a notable performer , as he was responsible for shadowing Davis most of the night . The Pelicans will look to right the ship when they head north to Portland on Wednesday for the second game of a back - to - back , while the Warriors will enjoy two days off before they meet up with the Rockets in Houston in a rematch of last year’s Western Conference Finals .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 120 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 5 ) 115 - 110 on Tuesday . In a matchup of two of the best defenses in basketball , this was a high - scoring game . What may have ultimately killed the Raptors was a nine - minute stretch in the fourth quarter where they failed to make a basket . That stat is a bit flukey though , considering the Raptors got to the free - throw line time after time in the final 12 minutes . This Toronto team has struggled with assists all season long and that may have been the difference here , as the Warriors out - assisted the Raptors 31 - 18 . The win makes the Warriors the 17th team in NBA history to start 120 to start a season . The Warriors were once again led by Steph Curry , who tallied 37 points and nine assists in the win . He did however commit a season - high seven turnovers , but that 's a sign of him being more aggressive and getting that assist total up after its been down all year . The Warriors also got a 19 - point first half from Klay Thompson , but he failed to score a point in the second half . Golden_State shot an impressive 54 percent from the field , but did commit 20 turnovers in the win . It was n't the Warriors cleanest performance , but a win is a win . They 'll look to stay undefeated when they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday in a big rivalry game . The Raptors left it all on the floor against the defending champs , but just couldn’t pull it out late . Ten of Toronto 's 22 fourth quarter points came from the free - throw line and they simply didn’t make enough shots down the stretch to get the win in this game . They were once again led by their guards though , as DeMar DeRozan , Kyle Lowry and Cory Joseph all had nice games . The three actually combined for 69 points , 16 rebounds , 15 assists and four steals in the loss . Toronto also got six steals from DeMarre Carroll , who continued to read Steph Curry 's passes all evening long . The Raptors have now lost five of their last seven games with the only two wins coming against the Philadelphia 76ers and New Orleans Pelicans , who have a combined 1 - 21 record . They 'll have a tough task on Wednesday , as they have to travel to Utah to take on the defensively - sound Jazz in the second half of a back - to - back set .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 140 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 4 ) at Oracle Arena on Friday . Chicago fell short of playing spoiler to the Warriors perfect start , but came into Oracle Arena and played a tough and physical game that the score does appropriately reflect . Jimmy Butler led the way and scored 28 points , to go along with nine rebounds and seven assists on 52 percent shooting . Kirk Hinrich tallied 17 points , shot 3 - of - 4 from the 3 - point line and started in place of the injured Derrick Rose ( ankle ) . Pau Gasol ( 14 points , 10 rebounds and five assists ) and Nikola Mirotic ( 18 points , 10 rebounds and five assists ) , both finished with double - doubles to round out the all around effort from the Bulls . Chicago forced 16 turnovers , most of which in the first half , and continuously disrupted the flow of the Warriors offense . However , they were not able to contribute enough points off the turnovers , and shot 40 percent from the field as a unit . Golden_State is within one win of tying the NBA record for best start to open the season . The Bulls were the final team of a brutal three game stretch that included wins over the Raptors and Clippers beforehand . Stephen Curry provided 27 points , 17 of which came in the second half , to go along with five rebounds , four assists and four steals on 9 - of - 20 shooting . Harrison Barnes was once again hitting clutch shots down the stretch and tallied 20 points and nine rebounds on 7 - for - 13 shooting in 31 minutes . Klay Thompson shot an efficient 50 percent from the field , scoring 15 points , and Andre Iguodala added 12 points off the bench in 28 minutes played . Draymond Green continues to flourish in the Warriors offense and finished with nine points , nine rebounds and five assists . Leandro Barbosa and Shaun Livingston returned to the lineup after sitting out against the Clippers on Thursday . The Warriors look to extend their perfect season when they visit the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 7 ) on Sunday , while the Bulls will get three days off before visiting the Portland Trail Blazers ( 6 - 9 ) on Tuesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 180 ) would not have their record tarnished by the lowly Sacramento Kings ( 6 - 12 ) as they came up with the 120 - 101 win on Saturday night , in Oakland . The Kings started out well as they put up a competitive first quarter but could not keep up with the high - paced , high - efficiency Warriors . Sacramento was missing DeMarcus Cousins again , who is still out with a sore back . Rudy Gay led the way for the Kings with 20 points scored on 7 - 20 shooting , he also pulled down seven boards , in a limited 27 minutes . Kosta Koufos started in place of Cousins and put up a decent 14 points on 7 - 13 shooting , along with seven rebounds . Omri Casspi chipped in 11 points and seven rebounds in 28 minutes . The Kings as a team shot only 39 percent from the field . Golden_State fielded a balanced offense and played as a cohesive unit with an amazing 32 assists on 39 made field goals . This was far from a one man show as six players scored in double digits and no one scored more than 19 . Stephen Curry finished with 19 points , six assists and four rebounds in 29 minutes . Curry took only seven field goal attempts , six of them from deep . He shot 4 - 7 from the field , 3 - 6 from deep . Draymond Green posted a beautiful triple double with 13 points , 12 assists and 11 rebounds in 35 minutes . Green also had four blocked shots . Festus Ezeli put up a double double consisting of 11 points and 11 rebounds in only 17 minutes off the bench . Next up Golden_State will be visiting Utah for a match on Monday , where perhaps the altitude will throw the Warriors off their game . Sacramento will be hosting Dallas on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 25 - 1 ) took care of the Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 16 ) 128 - 103 on Wednesday to rebound after their first loss . The Warriors looked timid for the first 20 minutes of the game , but turned it on after that . They trailed for the majority of the first half , until Steph Curry caught fire and the team won the second quarter by 15 points . The most amazing stat is that the Warriors scored 79 points in the second and third quarters to run away with a dominant victory . Golden_State shot an amazing 52 percent from the field and recorded 32 assists in the blowout victory . The Suns first meeting with the Warriors was a similar result and they simply ca n't stop this potent offense . Aside from Brandon Knight 's 17 points , the other four starters combined for just 19 points . The bench did play well though , as Mirza Teletovic provided 24 points and T.J. Warren scored 19 . The team has won just four games in their last 15 and the defense is really killing them right now . The Suns will look to play better in their next game against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday . Steph Curry sat for the ninth time this season in the entirety of the fourth quarter and that stat alones tells the dominance of this team . Prior to sitting for the final 12 minutes , Curry tallied 25 points and seven assists . He wasn’t the hero tonight though , as Klay Thompson dropped 27 points in the third quarter en route to a 43 - point night . Draymond Green also provided yet another triple - double and it appears that one loss was a blip on the radar rather than a sign of future struggles . It 's scary to think what they 'll do to the Milwaukee Bucks in their next game on Friday , who ended their historic streak earlier in the week .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 26 - 1 ) held off the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 18 ) to eek out a surprising 121 - 112 win on Friday . Most people had this pegged as a Warriors blowout in a revenge situation , but it was far from that . Milwaukee came out with some fire and took an early 12 - point lead going into the half and nearly held off the Warriors for an unlikely win . The Bucks made some lineup changes and the whole team played extremely well , shooting 60 percent from the field in the first half and 47 percent for the game . Both teams continually got to the free - throw line in the game as well , as the Bucks went 24 - for - 28 from the charity stripe while Golden_State went 28 - for - 37 . The Warriors really took it to them in the fourth quarter though , as they outscored them 36 - 19 to run away with the win . Milwaukee ended the Warriors 24 - game winning streak last week and appear to have the Dubs number . They got some great performances all - around , as seven players scored in double - figures . Greg Monroe made a shocking return to the lineup and flirted with a 10 point - 13 rebound - seven assist triple - double . Michael Carter-Williams also returned to the starting - five and tallied 24 points , four rebounds and four assists in the loss . This team has simply been bad this year and it 's hard to figure why they play so well against the best team in the NBA . They 'll look to build off this performance against the Phoenix Suns on Sunday in their next scheduled game . The Warriors just ca n't figure out this Bucks team and it 's just one of those phenomenons that’s hard to understand . Steph Curry and Draymond Green both flirted with triple - doubles and carried the Warriors in their win . Curry accumulated 26 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists , while Green amassed 21 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . This was a close call , but the versatility and grittiness of this team is hard to match . Golden_State will have a few days off until they host the Utah Jazz on Wednesday in their next game .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 27 - 1 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 12 - 15 ) 103 - 85 on Wednesday . The Warriors continue to dominate on their home court , extending a perfect a home record to 130 on the season . The team effort relied on fluid ball movement and showcased the rare occurrence where reigning MVP Stephen Curry does not perform to his elite ability . Curry finished well below his league leading 32 points per game and struggled with the long ball , as he scored 16 points , alongside nine assists and five rebounds on 5 - of - 14 shooting ( 2 - of - 8 from 3 - point territory ) . Klay Thompson led all scorers with 20 points , but the headlining numbers were added by Draymond Green and Andrew Bogut . Green is starting to gain more attention for his status in the league , and the power forward only added to his impressive 2015 - 2016 campaign with 15 points , nine rebounds , six assists and two blocks in 38 minutes . The Michigan State product entered Wednesday evening averaging 14 points , 9 rebounds and 7 assists . Bogut turned in a strong performance , as the big man finished with 10 points , 13 rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes . The Warriors were in no trouble throughout the game , receiving lights out shooting from the entirety of their bench to aid the starters , and extend their winning streak to three games . The Jazz were unable to keep up with the ball movement , pace and defensive matchups that the Warriors threw their way . Utah shot 41 percent from the floor as a unit , which was not enough to keep the game within single digit striking distance . Four Jazz players finished in double figures , led by Derrick Favors’ 17 points and nine rebounds . Gordon Hayward proved to be the achilles heal in the loss , shooting 2 - of - 15 and posting a plus - minus of - 20 . Trey Burke and Alec Burks both played 27 points off the bench and each scored 13 points . The Warriors will host the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 7 ) in the heavily anticipated Christmas Day matchup on Friday , while the Jazz will host the Los Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 13 ) on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 28 - 1 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 8 ) 89 - 83 on Friday . The 2015 Finals rematch featuring two of the very best in the NBA turned out to be more of a showcase for both teams ' often underrated defenses . Neither squad was able to put on much of an offensive display , and the game had more of the feel of a grind - it - out Eastern Conference battle , rather than the free - wheeling , high - scoring affairs typically played by the reigning champs . The Warriors shot 41 percent from the field and 28 percent from beyond the arc , with both numbers notably lower than their respective 49 and 42 season figures in those categories . Cleveland fared even worse , draining only 32 percent of their buckets overall , including a paltry 17 percent from long range . Both teams ' point totals were also season - low tallies , underscoring how formidable both defensive units can be against top - tier competition . The Cavs were led by Lebron James ' game - high 25 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Despite the solid scoring total , the perennial All-Star was one of the superstars struggling with his shot , sinking only 10 of his 26 attempts . J.R. Smith provided 14 points and did so largely on the strength of one of the game 's only solid shooting performances from three - point range ( 4 of 8 ) . Kyrie Irving continued his journey back from the fractured kneecap he suffered the last time he 'd faced this Warriors squad in the 2015 Finals , playing a season - high 26 minutes and managing 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kevin Love helped spearhead Cleveland 's outstanding team total of 55 rebounds on the evening by hauling in 18 boards , and pairing them with 10 points in his second straight double - double . Matthew Delladedova paced the Cavaliers ' bench with 10 points over 31 minutes . Cleveland fell to 19 - 8 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . The next stop on their West Coast road trip comes on Saturday in Portland , with a showdown with the Trail Blazers on tap . Golden_State 's offensive attack was paced by Draymond Green , who turned in another one of his trademark stat - sheet - stuffing performances . The 25 - year - old posted his fourth double - double in the last six contests with 22 points , 15 rebounds , seven assists and a pair of blocks over 39 minutes . Green was one of the few players on either team to put together a solid shooting effort , managing a 47 percent success rate from the field , including draining two of his three attempts from three - point range . Stephen Curry followed up his season - low tally of 16 points against Utah on Wednesday by equaling his second - lowest total of 19 points on 6 of 15 shooting . However , the reigning MVP did add seven rebounds , seven assists and a pair of steals . The perpetually dependable Klay Thompson was exemplary once again in his typical supporting role , pitching in with 18 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block . Shaun Livingston was highly productive off the bench with a season - high 16 points , leading the Warriors ' reserves . Golden_State improved to 28 - 1 and continues to sport the best record in the Pacific Division , Western Conference and the entire NBA . They remain home for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 29 - 1 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 19 ) 122 - 103 on Monday . A wild and event filled night went down at Oracle Arena , as Stephen Curry went lights out for a three minute span that included 17 points in the last three minutes of the first half . DeMarcus Cousins highlighted the second half of play , and was ejected after arguing his fifth foul of the night , leading to a technical foul call followed by an early exit . Curry’s night did not start until the end of the first half , but he continued the hot shooting trend in the 3rd quarter , and finished with his first triple - double of the season , going for 23 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists . Klay Thompson poured in 29 points and Draymond Green added 25 points of his own , as the Warriors big three contributed over 60 percent of the team 's points . At this point of the season , we have grown accustomed to the Warriors impressive 3 - point shooting , and tonight was no different , as Golden_State shot 48 percent from deep as a unit . While the loss of Cousins dealt a major blow to the Kings’ chances in the second half , they did play competitively in the first half and through Curry’s hot streak . Omri Casspi went for a career high 36 points , including Curry like 3 - pointers from 32 - plus feet , and finished 9 - of - 12 from deep . Casspi’s impressive night was the spark Sacramento needed to compete without their all star center . Rajon Rondo got into foul trouble early , picking up three in the first quarter and played a total of 17 minutes . Rondo finished with four points and two assists , far below his season averages . Rudy Gay contributed 17 points , while Darren Collison did his best to aid the bench , adding 13 points , 11 assists and six rebounds . The Kings will look to bounce back when they host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 2 - 31 ) on Wednesday , while the Warriors will also play on Wednesday , and take their five game winning streak to the Dallas Mavericks ( 18 - 13 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 41 - 4 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 38 - 7 ) 120 - 90 at Oracle Arena on Monday . The most anticipated matchup of the season resulted in a surprising 30 - point rout in favor of the Warriors . The first of four regular season matchups between the NBA’s two best teams started off shaky for San_Antonio , as they converted eight turnovers in the first quarter , and never truly recovered over the next three periods . The turnovers started at the expense of Tony Parker , the 15 year veteran who uncharacteristically made bad passes , was out played by Stephen Curry on the defensive end . Kawhi Leonard was eventually switched to guard the reigning MVP , but was as unsuccessful as Parker in trying to slow down Curry . Leonard led the Spurs in scoring and finished with 16 points on 4 - of - 6 shooting , to go along with five rebounds and two assists . David West started in place of Tim Duncan ( knee ) , and also finished in double - figures with 12 points . LaMarcus Aldridge was unable to get comfortable in the post , Boris Diaw faced difficulty getting space and Manu Ginobili was equally ineffective from behind the arc and on the drive . The loss snapped a 13 game winning streak for San_Antonio . The Spurs will look to bounce back when they host the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 22 ) on Wednesday . The Warriors did not disappoint in their own arena , and were more impressive on the defensive end of the floor as compared to their high powered offense . While Golden_State dropped 120 points , they harassed the Spurs and forced 26 turnovers which led to an early first half lead , in which they did not let go of the rest of the game . The quickness of the Warriors offense caused constant mismatches , especially in the paint after the drive , where Shaun Livingston was the first to wreck havoc in transition . Livingston’s 13 points were mostly seen in the second quarter . Stephen Curry was far from quiet and started to heat up where Livingston left off , as he scored 37 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting , including six three - pointers in 28 minutes . Draymond Green commanded the offense during many of the Warriors possessions , as a result , he rounded out the box score with 11 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Six Warriors players finished in double figures with no one player going for more than 28 minutes , as the lead in the fourth quarter was comfortable enough to run the reserves . The win marks the fourth straight for Golden_State . The Warriors will host the Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 21 ) , one of the only teams to beat them this season , on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 47 - 4 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 27 - 27 ) 123 - 110 on Tuesday night . The Warriors got off to a hot start , as they scored 42 points in the first quarter to take a 15 - point lead . They never really looked back after that despite allowing the Rockets to crawl back in the third quarter . Golden_State shot 47 percent from the field and recorded 28 assists on their 44 made baskets . The game was tied heading into the fourth quarter , but the Warriors outscored the Rockets 30 to 17 over the final 12 minutes . Houston had a tough task here as a double - digit underdog , but did a good job of hanging around all night . James Harden once again carried the load , as he tallied 37 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in the loss . Dwight Howard also played well , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 15 - rebound performance . The Rockets have a quick turnaround , as they play the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back set . The Warriors didn’t play their cleanest game , but they extended their undefeated home winning streak to 23 games on the season . Steph Cwas the catalyst once again , as he accumulated 35 points , nine assists and five rebounds in the win . Andrew Bogut was the darkhorse hero though , as he double - doubled while also recording six blocks and three steals in a defensive showcase . Golden_State 's last game before the All-Star break will be on Wednesday when they play the Phoenix Suns .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 54 - 5 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 28 ) 109 - 105 in OT at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . Shaun Livingston started in place of the injured Stephen Curry ( ankle ) , but the absence of Curry was felt tremendously on the court . Add Andre Iguodala ( hamstring ) being ruled out , and the Warriors found themselves in a thin situation on both the offensive and defensive ends of the court . The game itself was a thriller and Golden_State needed an extra five minutes to pull out an impressive and gutsy performance to stay undefeated on their home court . With 1:0 left to play in the fourth quarter , Paul Millsap made his way to the free throw line , where he sank two baskets to take a two point lead , but Klay Thompson drove the lane on the ensuing possession and matched Millsap 's free throws to tie the game at 97 points each . Both Millsap and Andrew Bogut missed on their chance to win the game in regulation . Overtime went in favor of the Warriors , where Draymond Green stepped up to the challenge and salvaged a broken play with a quick fire three pointer as the shot clock expired , which all but put the nail in the coffin for the Hawks . Green finished with 15 points , 13 rebounds and eight assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting , while Klay Thompson led Golden_State in scoring with 26 points , although it came on the back of 27 shots . Bogut’s last second attempt to win in regulation prevented an almost perfect night of shooting , as he totaled 19 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting . Leandro Barbosa was the bench hero the Warriors needed during multiple plays , rolling off screens and creating off the dribble on multiple occasions . Barbosa’s 11 points were not of the volume type , but they all came at crucial moments in the game . The Hawks may have been considered lucky that they did not have to face the reigning MVP , but they also dealt with a deep Golden_State team that boasts the best record in the league . The defensive sets seemed to trump Steve Kerr’s squad , especially after taking the lead in the fourth quarter . Six Hawks players finished in double figures , but 17 team turnovers would eventually become their downfall . Paul Millsap led all Atlanta scorers with 19 points , to go along with seven rebounds and four assists , while Al Horford contributed 17 points , nine rebounds and three assists in the effort . Dennis Schroder outplayed Jeff Teague off the bench , scoring 17 points and dishing out nine assists in 28 minutes . The Warriors listed Curry as questionable for the anticipated matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 42 - 18 ) on Thursday , while the Hawks will look to bounce back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 49 ) on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 56 - 6 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 35 ) 119 - 113 at Oracle Arena on Monday . The Warriors set an NBA record after capturing their 45th straight home win , and maintained keeping another record alive , as they avoided losing back - to - back games on consecutive days , which has never been done in a regular season . After the shock defeat against the Lakers on Sunday , where the Warriors shot a disastrous 4 - of - 30 from behind the arc , Steph Curry and company bounced back to keep the surging Spurs in the Western Conference at bay for now . Curry scored 41 points , to go along with 13 rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 24 shooting . Any doubts of the reigning MVP’s ability were erased just 24 hours later . Golden_State shot 16 - of - 35 from deep , and bounced back in resilient fashion . Draymond Green is in a shooting slump , and although his one point in the contest is a cause for concern , his court vision and rebounding are certainly in tact , as he spaced the floor and totaled nine rebounds and 10 assists . Klay Thompson aided Curry in the scoring department and finished with 27 points , while Brandon Rush led the bench with 11 points on 3 - of - 5 shooting from behind the arc . The Magic were kept out of the game until Victor Oladipo’s hero effort fell just short in the scorching hot fourth quarter . Down double figures through most of the game , Oladipo rallied his unit with the help of Evan Fournier and Brandon Jennings to outscore the Warriors 36 - 25 in the final period . Oladipo pulled the game within two points after driving the lane for a nice finish at the rim and following up with two free throws on the next possession , but the splash brothers were having none of the Orlando comeback , as Thompson buried a three pointer and Curry sank a pair of clutch free throws . Oladipo finished with 19 points , nine rebounds and eight assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting , while Fournier and Aaron Gordon both totaled 20 points each . Brandon Jennings put forth one of his best performances with his newest team , scoring 20 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting in 24 minutes off the bench . The Magic will play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 13 - 51 ) on Tuesday , while the Warriors will host the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 33 ) on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 64 - 7 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 27 ) 114 - 98 on Wednesday . The Warriors came in to Wednesday 's division tilt looking to get their MVP point guard back on track . Stephen Curry was coming off two lackluster performances from the field , which had led to his first pair of consecutive sub - 20 point performances this season . He reverted back to his usual form Wednesday , against one of the toughest individual matchups in the league for point guards to boot . Curry tallied 33 points , five assists , four rebounds and three steals while often matched up against Chris Paul . He also managed to drain 12 of his 23 attempts from the field , and four of his 10 three - point attempts . His point total led a Warriors attack that helped preserve Golden_State 's perfect home record . DeAndre Jordan led the Clippers with a remarkable 19 - point , 20 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a pair of blocks . Austin Rivers was next with a bench - leading 16 points , along with four rebounds and a pair of assists . Curry 's recent shooting woes apparently transferred over to Paul for the night , as the latter could only manage 13 points on 4 - for - 16 shooting . He also dished out eight assists , hauled in six rebounds and recorded a steal . No other starter was able to tally double - digit scoring , but Jeff Green did match Paul 's point total in a reserve role , and also registered three rebounds , an assist and four steals . Jamal Crawford was the third bench player to post a productive outing , amassing 12 points , six assists , a rebound , two steals and a block . The Clippers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division , and still hold the fourth seed in the conference as well . They 're home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday night . Klay Thompson was right behind Curry with 32 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . Draymond Green did a solid job as the third wheel on the night , posting a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two steals . Harrison Barnes was next with 11 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists . Shaun Livingston paced the reserves with 11 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Warriors remain atop the Pacific Division and the Western Conference overall . They 're home against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night .
The Boston Celtics ( 44 - 32 ) shocked the Golden_State Warriors ( 68 - 8 ) in a 109 - 106 win on Friday . The loss snapped the Warriors ' NBA-record 54 consecutive home winnning streak . The key for Boston was its defense , as it held the Warriors to 46 percent shooting and forced 22 turnovers . The Celtics shot 47 percent from the field , despite hitting only 63 percent of their free - throws . Boston has quietly been one of the best teams in the league this season , but they 're not so hidden anymore . Evan Turner filled in for Jae Crowder and tallied 21 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in a great performance . Isaiah Thomas led the team with 22 points , while also dishing out six assists , Jared Sullinger was huge down low , as he amassed 21 points and 12 rebounds . Up next for the Celtics is a matchup with the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Golden_State is now a 5 - 1 stretch away from breaking the record for wins in a season , so this was obviously a huge blow for that pursuit . Steph Curry scored 22 points in the third quarter , but really struggled aside from that . In fact , Curry had just seven points in the other three quarters and committed nine turnovers in the defeat . Draymond Green had another great all - around game though , as he accumulated 16 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and six steals . On deck for the Warriors is a matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards ( 3 - 1 ) were able to defend their home court versus the San_Antonio Spurs ( 3 - 2 ) on Wednesday , taking home a 102 - 99 victory . The Spurs won each of the first three quarters , but were not able to hold a seven - point lead entering the fourth . Tony Parker drilled a three - pointer to tie the game at 99 with only seconds remaining in the final quarter . However , Bradley Beal was able to answer with a game - winning three - pointer just shy of the final buzzer . Beal finished the night with 25 points , five rebounds , four assists , three steals , and a fitting three triples in 36 minutes . Continuing his hot start to the season , Kawhi Leonard put together another impressive performance for the Spurs . He ended the night with 23 points , nine rebounds , one steal , and one three in 34 minutes . The Spurs ' newest addition , LaMarcus Aldridge , contributed the team 's only double - double with 10 points and 14 rebounds . The Spurs will look to rebound Saturday , when the welcome the Charlotte Hornets to San_Antonio . Besides Beal 's strong performance , the Wizards were led , as usual , by John Wall . Wall finished with 17 points , 13 assists , two rebounds , four steals , and one three in 35 minutes . Otto Porter also chipped in a healthy 19 points . The Wizards will look to improve their record to 4 - 1 when they head to Boston on Friday .
In a battle of squads missing key players , the Washington Wizards ( 4 - 4 ) topped the Orlando Magic ( 5 - 6 ) 108 - 99 . Washington was without breakout shooting guard Bradley Beal ( shoulder ) , leaving a void in the starting lineup to be filled by Garrett Temple . The absence of Beal 's outside shooting was more than made up for , however , as the Wizards shot 43 percent from beyond the arc , including five made three - pointers from power forward Kris Humphries . Third-year forward Otto Porter Jr. also shone for the Wizards , recording four steals and finishing a team - high plus - 20 on the night . Orlando was also missing their starting shooting guard , as third - year star Victor Oladipo sat the contest out with a concussion . With a hole left at shooting guard , 23 - year - old Evan Fournier picked up the slack , recording a team - high 37 minutes and tallying 18 points . Center Nikola Vucevic was also able to exploit the thin Washington frontcourt , recording a 19 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . With the win , the Wizards improve their record to 4 - 4 . They will hope to rise above .500 as they take on the Bucks on Tuesday in Washington . The Magic , meanwhile , will look to even out the win and loss columns at home on Wednesday against the Timberwolves .
The Indiana Pacers ( 9 - 5 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 6 - 5 ) 123 - 106 on Tuesday . Hey Warriors , there’s a new offensive juggernaut on the block , albeit an unlikely one . After tallying a season - high 123 points in a resounding trouncing of the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , the Indiana Pacers turned right around and matched that total in an impressive road win over the Wizards . The outstanding offensive effort was spearheaded by the record - breaking performances of Paul George ( 40 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals ) and C.J. Miles ( 32 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal ) , who were a combined 15 - for - 17 from three - point range . Both players also set individual season - bests in made shots from the beyond the arc , with Miles draining eight long - range buckets , and George posting seven treys of his own . In total , the game featured an astounding 32 three - pointers , with the Pacers tallying 19 of those . Indiana didn’t need a whole lot more than George’s and Miles’ contributions , considering they accounted for well over half of the team’s scoring . However , they did receive double - digit scoring efforts from Monta Ellis ( 10 points , five assists , five rebounds ) and the returning George Hill ( 14 points , five assists , four rebounds ) . Center Ian Mahinmi came within a rebound of his second double - double of the season , collecting seven points and hauling in nine boards . The Pacers improved to 9 - 5 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head home for a Friday showdown with the Bulls . The Wizards benefited from Bradley Beal’s first game with at least 20 points since a Nov. 6 contest versus the Celtics . The shooting guard amassed 20 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals . John Wall , as he has been prone to do occasionally this season , struggled with turnovers , committing a season - high eight over 31 minutes . He did manage a season - best three buckets from beyond the arc on his way to an 18 - point , four - rebound , five - assist outing . Like his Pacers’ counterpart Mahinmi , Marcin Gortat also came a rebound short of a double - double performance ( 10 points , nine boards ) , while Kris Humphries ( scoreless over nine minutes ) and Otto Porter ( seven points , three rebounds , three assists ) did very little to help Washington’s cause . Gary Neal enjoyed a momentous night off the bench , leading the team with 23 points and sinking five three - pointers . The Wizards fell to 6 - 5 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division . They head to Charlotte for a Wednesday showdown versus the Hornets .
The Clippers ( 19 - 13 ) put an end to the Wizards ' ( 14 - 15 ) hot streak with a 108 - 91 victory at Verizon Center on Monday . The big story for the Clippers has been the absence of forward Blake Griffin , who is out at least two weeks with a quad injury . The thing is , Los_Angeles does n't seem to be missing Griffin that much after a third straight win - - second with Griffin sidelined . The Clippers jumped out to a commanding lead in the first quarter behind Chris Paul , who finished with a team - high 23 points and seven assists . Center DeAndre Jordan also stepped up big with Griffin out , pouring in 15 points with 13 rebounds , though Los_Angeles lost the battle on the boards 45 to 37 . In the end , Paul was able to get the best of John Wall , who managed to score 23 points , but disappeared late in the game in going scoreless in the fourth quarter . Despite the late - game struggles , Wall still dished out 11 assists and has posted six consecutive double - doubles . Otto Porter Jr. finally looked healthy , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting with three 3 - pointers and eight rebounds over 33 minutes . Porter Jr. had only played 19 minutes in the Wizards ' previous game and had missed three prior to that while dealing with a thigh injury . The unsung hero of the night for the Clippers was Jamal Crawford , who is known to rise to the occasion throughout his career . He came off the bench to score 21 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting and three treys to provide some extra scoring punch behind Paul and Jordan . Other role players also stepped up ; Cole Aldrich had his best game of the season with 13 points , six rebounds , four steals and three assists in 20 minutes , while Wesley Johnson added 14 points .
The Washington Wizards ( 15 - 16 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 14 ) 103 - 91 on Friday . The Wizards have been more reliant than ever on All-Star point guard John Wall over the last three - plus weeks while Bradley Beal has been sidelined with his lower leg injury , and he has largely responded in fine form . While veteran Garrett Temple has generally done a solid job in Beal 's stead , he has considerably cooled off since a three - game stretch in mid - to - late December where he tallied over 20 points in each contest . It was Wall 's turn to save the day again Friday , as he led Washington to a 31 - 19 fourth quarter that allowed them to pull away from the pesky Magic . The 25 - year - old impressively tallied 12 points and five assists in the final period to spearhead the Wizards ' offensive attack and secure the victory . Orlando 's leading scorer was a pleasant surprise in a couple of ways , considering he played a reserve role and had been hunting for a breakout game for some time . Victor Oladipo served as the Magic 's top gun Friday , collecting 20 points and adding five assists , a rebound and four steals over 31 minutes . It was notably the 23 - year - old 's first 20 - point - plus effort since Dec. 5 against the Clippers , a stretch of 12 games prior to tonight . Nikola Vucevic led the starters with 14 points and seven rebounds , but slowed down after a relatively fast start against the tough defense of Marcin Gortat . Tobias Harris did manage a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds , and Evan Fournier somewhat underwhelmed with a sluggish 11 - point , three - assist , two - rebound outing . Elfrid Payton ( three points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal ) and Channing Frye ( four points , six rebounds , two assists ) simply could n't get anything significant going to help Orlando 's cause . The Magic dropped to 19 - 14 and momentarily reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , a position that could drop down one slot should the Miami Heat defeat the Mavericks later in the evening . Orlando heads to Cleveland for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Saturday . Wall led Washington with an overall tally of 24 points , 13 assists , two rebounds , a pair of steals and a block . It was remarkably his eighth straight double - double and 11th in the last 12 contests . Otto Porter , Jr. contributed double - digit points and rebounds as well , managing 20 points and 11 rebounds , and adding three assists , four steals and a block , his third straight 20 - point - plus outing . Gortat joined the double - double parade with 10 points and 14 rebounds , while Temple pitched in with 11 points and three assists . Ramon Sessions and Kris Humphries paced the Wizards ' bench with 13 and 11 points , respectively . The Wizards improved to 15 - 16 but are still entrenched in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards ( 18 - 19 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 16 - 25 ) 106 - 101 on Wednesday . On the same day that the Wizards welcomed back one key starter that they 'd notably missed over the last month , they received bad news on another key component of their squad . Wednesday night saw the return of Bradley Beal after he was sidelined 16 games with a lower leg injury . However , the team also learned earlier in the day that Marcin Gortat had developed an infection in his ailing knee , and would be sidelined for a second consecutive game . His defensive presence was particularly missed , as the Wizards managed to escape with a hard - fought victory despite the Bucks getting the better of them down low , and also outscoring them in the third quarter , 31 - 15 . Both Greg Monroe and Giannis Antetokoumpo managed double - doubles , and Milwaukee outrebounded Washington on the defensive glass by the considerable margin of 37 - 9 . They also outscored the Wizards in the paint , 62 - 38 , two figures that likely would have been drastically different had Gortat 's stout defense been in between the Bucks and the basket . Milwaukee was led by another outstanding performance from Khris Middleton , who has truly come into his own and hit his stride offensively . The 24 - year - old tallied a game - high 25 points and added five rebounds , five assists and two steals , the fourth time in the last five games he 's scored 20 or more points . Monroe took advantage of a clearer path down low in Gortat 's absence , managing 21 points , 12 rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Antetokounmpo was right behind him with his own 19 - point , 11 - rebound effort that also included six assists , two steals and a block . Even second - year pro Jabari Parker got in on the fun , posting a season - high 22 points and supplementing it with six rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Bucks fell to 16 - 25 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head back home and await the Atlanta Hawks for a Friday showdown . The Wizards enjoyed double - digit scoring nights from each of their five starters , who were unsurprisingly led by John Wall . The All-Star point guard collected 19 points , eight assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Jared Dudley was next in line with a 13 - point , six - rebound outing , and took away the ball three times on the night as well . Nene Hilario did a solid job in Gortat 's stead for the second straight contest , pitching in with 12 points , three assists , two rebounds and two blocks . He also had a trio of thefts , in what would become somewhat of a running theme throughout the game . Garrett Temple , likely starting his last game in place of Beal , was solid with 11 points , five assists , four rebounds and a block , while amassing five steals as well . Otto Porter rounded things out for the first unit with 10 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Ramon Sessions paced the reserves with 15 points , five assists and a rebound over a highly efficient 22 minutes , and Beal looked good while pouring in 11 points , hauling three rebounds , dishing out three assists and also collecting a steal . In total , Washington was able to induce a whopping 27 turnovers from Milwaukee , which they converted into 36 points . Washington improved to 18 - 19 and moved into fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They now head to Indiana to face the Pacers on Friday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 19 - 25 ) defeated the host Washington Wizards ( 19 - 21 ) 108 - 98 , at Verizon Center in Washington D.C. on Monday . The Trail_Blazers came out firing in this one . After a humiliating loss against the 76ers last Saturday it seemed as though they had a point to prove . Portland jumped out to a 32 - 17 lead after one but Washington responded with a 40 point second quarter , making it a two - point game by halftime . Portland once again came out of the dressing room guns blazing , winning the third quarter 35 - 19 . The Trial Blazers were up by as many as 24 in the fourth and cruised to the ten point victory . Washington has now lost five of its last six at home and is 9 - 13 at home overall . C.J. McCollum led the Trail_Blazers in scoring with 25 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 6 - 10 3Pt ) , along with two assists and two rebounds , in 34 minutes . Damian Lillard finished with 16 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt ) , six assists and two rebounds , in 34 minutes . Mason Plumlee was close to a triple - double , with 10 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists , in 23 minutes . Portland shot an impressive 17 - 31 from long range and 51 percent from the field . Washington came into this one missing Otto Porter Jr. ( hip ) , Kris Humphries ( knee ) and Drew Gooden ( calf ) . Despite missing three solid pieces , the Wizards still had six players score in double digits . Garrett Temple started in place of Bradley Beal and led the Wizards in scoring , with 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) . Beal , who has been dealing with a sore leg , played 24 minutes off the bench and finished with 16 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and five assists . Marcin Gortat notched a double - double with 16 points and 13 rebounds , with two blocked shots , in 36 minutes . The Wizards have now lost two in a row and sit 3 games out of the top eight in the East . They will host the Heat on Wednesday . Portland will return home to face Atlanta , on Wednesday . The Blazers sit only one game out of eighth in the West .
The Washington Wizards ( 28 - 30 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 41 - 17 ) 113 - 99 on Sunday . LeBron James was given an off day for only the second time this season and unfortunately for the Cavs , the results of his absence were somewhat predictable . The final margin of victory for the Wizards belied their game - long dominance of Cleveland , who was already staring at a 96 - 70 deficit heading into the final period . Washington 's first unit unsurprisingly bested Cleveland 's starting five in all major categories , and only Kyrie Irving appeared determined to try and keep the game respectable for the short - handed visitors . The victory was a crucial one for a Wizards squad that needs every win it can get down the stretch , and the comfortable second - half lead allowed their front - line players some much needed rest . All five members of the first unit were able to play under 30 minutes for the Wizards , a welcome luxury in the latter stages of what has been a tough season for them to date . Irving 's 28 points spearheaded Cleveland 's attack on the afternoon , and the game - high scoring total was supplemented by six assists and a rebound . Kevin Love was a distant second with 12 points , five rebounds and an assist in just 24 minutes of play . Veteran Richard Jefferson drew the start in James ' place , and contributed 10 points , five boards and an assist . Tristan Thompson ( two points , two rebounds , two assists ) and J.R. Smith ( eight points , four rebounds , an assist and two steals ) were underwhelming while rounding out a generally forgettable afternoon for the Cavs ' first unit . Timofey Mozgov contributed a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double off the bench to pace the reserves . Despite the defeat , the Cavs continue atop the Eastern Conference Central Division and also possess the first seed in the conference by one and a half games over the Toronto Raptors , who can make up some ground by defeating the Detroit Pistons later Sunday . Cleveland heads back home to face off against the Indiana Pacers on Monday evening . John Wall led the way for Washington with 21 points , 13 assists and seven rebounds in just 29 minutes . Otto Porter encouragingly matched Wall 's point total and added five rebounds , three assists and a block . It was notably only the second performance of over 20 points for the struggling forward in February , and first since Feb. 6 versus the Hornets . Marcin Gortat contributed a near double - double with 13 points , nine rebounds , three assists and a block . Bradley Beal , still coming off the bench , poured in 17 points and added three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals to pace the reserves . The Wizards are currently in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and two games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They remain home to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday night .
The Washington Wizards ( 32 - 35 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 33 - 33 ) 117 - 96 on Wednesday . Both of these Eastern Conference teams are on the outside looking in , in terms of playoffs , and the more healthy team prevailed thanks to a John Wall triple - double . The Wizards controlled throughout , as they won every quarter and carried an 18 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . The defense was key for Washington , as they held Chicago to 40 percent shooting and forced them to commit 18 turnovers . Chicago came into this game beat up and they left even more injured . Taj Gibson was forced out of this game at halftime with some sort of leg injury . That adds to the laundry list of injuries , with many of those players in the frontcourt . One positive is that Derrick Rose returned here as he scored 16 points in 29 minutes . Doug McDermott led the team with 20 points off the bench . Up next for Chicago is a matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday . The Wizards rode John Wall 's triple - double as they remain in the playoff hunt . Wall recorded his triple - double with seven minutes left and finished the game with 29 points , 10 rebounds , 12 assists and three steals in a monster performance . Bradley Beal had his best game in some time , as he accumulated 20 points , seven rebounds and three steals . Garrett Temple was a great spark off the bench , hitting five three - pointers en route to a 15 - point , six - rebound , four - assist line . The Wizards will look to jeep their playoff hopes alive on Thursday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Washington Wizards ( 38 - 40 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 57 ) 121 - 103 on Wednesday . The Wizards announced earlier in the day that John Wall would miss the game to rest a sore right knee , particularly relevant considering the must - win situation that Washington found itself in to keep their playoff hopes alive . As it turned out , they got by just fine without their All-Star against a Nets squad that was undermanned in its own right . Ramon Sessions stepped in to the starting five and the offense never skipped a beat , as he managed an 18 - point , 13 - assist double - double that also included a trio of rebounds . Despite the victory , the Wizards still depend on other teams for assistance to sneak into the playoffs , but must keep winning regardless to be able to take advantage of any help they might receive . The Nets were paced by another stellar performance by Thomas Robinson , who tallied 23 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . Wayne Ellington was next among the starters , managing 14 points , four rebounds and an assist . Although no other starter recorded double - digit scoring , Shane Larkin did fill out the stat sheet with nine points , eight rebounds and a block . The reserves enjoyed a productive night as well , with three players managing double - digit points . Sean Kilpatrick paced the bench with 15 points , a rebound and an assist . Markel Brown supplied 13 points , two assists and a rebound , while Chris McCullough pitched in with 10 points , three rebounds , an assist , five steals and a block . Brooklyn remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Charlotte to face the Hornets on Friday night . It was standout night for the Wizards backcourt overall , as Bradley Beal paced all scorers with 25 points , five assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Marcin Gortat posted a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and four blocks . Otto Porter , Jr. registered 15 points , six rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Nene Hilario led the reserves with 13 points , seven rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Garrett Temple made his presence felt off the bench as well , filling out the stat sheet with 10 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals . Washington remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , but remains 4 games behind the eighth - seeded Pistons , who also won Wednesday . They face off with the Pistons in Detroit on Friday night .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 3 - 1 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 3 ) 107 - 100 at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia on Monday . It wasn’t easy going for the Cavaliers against one of the worst teams in the NBA , as they quickly fell behind 32 - 18 to the Sixers after one quarter . However , on the coattails of LeBron James , Cleveland didn’t panic and came back strong , outscoring Philadelphia 64 - 40 over the next two quarters . James finished with a team - high 22 points ( 9 - 19 FG ) and fell one rebound shy of a triple double , dishing out 11 assists and grabbing nine boards in 33 minutes . Mo Williams also was effective and continues to fill in nicely for Kyrie Irving , as the veteran point guard recorded 21 points in 28 minutes on 8 - of - 10 shooting from the field . J.R. Smith left Monday’s game after just five minutes with a right knee contusion , and as a result , Matthew Dellavedova saw more playing time off the bench and finished with 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG ) and nine assists in 34 minutes . For the 76ers , Jahlil Okafor was once again efficient on offense , scoring a game - high 24 points ( 11 - 21 FG ) , but managed to grab just three rebounds in 27 minutes . Okafor’s partner in the frontcourt Nerlens Noel scored 14 points ( 7 - 13 FG ) , grabbed eight rebounds , and blocked three shots in 33 minutes . However , the surprise performance of the game came from backup rookie point guard T.J. McConnell , who played 23 minutes off the bench and recorded six points ( 3 - 4 FG ) , 12 assists and seven rebounds in the losing effort . Up next , the Cavaliers will head home Wednesday to take on the Knicks , while the 76ers will travel to Milwaukee on Wednesday to play the Bucks .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 6 ) reamin winless after falling to the Orlando Magic ( 3 - 4 ) by a score of 105 - 97 . The Magic enjoyed strong performances from their young core , including a team - high 20 points and three steals from sophomore point guard Elfrid Payton . Coming into Saturday , the Magic were holding opponents to a league - best 40 percent shooting from the field . Orlando continued their strong defensive play , forcing 16 turnovers and seeing strong performances from Payton and shooting guard Victor Oladipo . Backup center Dewayne Dedmon , playing for the injured Nikola Vucevic ( knee ) , also shone , posting nine rebounds and three blocks . Philadelphia was dealt a blow when star big man Nerlens Noel was ejected for a flagarant foul on Jason Smith in the third quarter . Noel , who had been averaging a double - double so far this season , was unable to take the floor in the fourth , leaving the frontcourt in the hands of rookie Jahlil Okafor and a bevy of Philadelphia big men off the bench . Despite the Sixers ' loss , Okafor continued his impressive offensive season , delivering an efficient 19 points and showcasing a wide array of post moves . After tallying another loss on Saturday , the hustle - driven 76ers will work hard to win in their upcoming matchups . They take on the Bulls on Monday in Philadelphia . Orlando , meanwhile , has won two straight , a trend they will look to continue as they travel to Indiana on Monday .
The Bulls ( 5 - 3 ) cruised to a 111 - 88 victory over the 76ers ( 0 - 7 ) at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . Nikola Mirotic led the way for Chicago , breaking out of a shooting slump to score 20 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and collect 10 rebounds in 28 minutes . Pau Gasol nearly posted his third consecutive double - double , but fell a rebound short , finishing with 16 points , nine boards and six blocks . With the loss , the Sixers remain winless this season , and turned in another awful performance on defense . Joakim Noah , who was expected to return to the Bulls starting five Monday , did not play due to soreness in his knee . Mirotic replaced Noah prior to tip - off and took advantage of the opportunity to prove he deserves the starting PF spot . It 's unclear if Noah will miss more time , but he 's dealt with plenty of injuries throughout his eight - year career . In his third start of the season , Doug McDermott shot 7 - of - 15 from the field and hit from distance three out of six times for 18 points . Philadelphia was also without a key big man , as Nerlens Noel did not play due to a wrist injury and is considered day - to - day . With Noel out , Richaun Holmes made the start , scoring 11 points with three rebounds and two blocks in 28 minutes . Jahlil Okafor continued his impressive rookie campaign with 21 points and 15 rebounds for his first career double - double . The Bulls will head back to Chicago for a matchup Friday against the Hornets . Philadelphia will wrap up a three - game homestand Wednesday against the Raptors .
The Mavericks ( 7 - 4 ) held on to defeat the 76ers ( 0 - 11 ) 92 - 86 at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . The 76ers gave the Mavericks a bit of a scare , but ultimately were unable to capture their first win of the season . Dirk Nowitzki scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter , hitting a handful of clutch free throws along with Deron Williams to ice the game . Philadelphia had the advantage on the glass , outrebounding the Mavericks 46 - 39 , but too many turnovers led to the 76ers demise . Chandler Parsons has been working his way back from a surgically - repaired knee , but has seen his minutes slowly increase . He scored a season - high 20 points in a season - high 21 minutes and took over the game early in the first half . Dallas really needs Parsons to get things going and this was certainly a step in the right direction . The Mavericks struggled from the field , shooting a lowly 40 percent , with Nowitzki , Williams and Wesley Matthews all having off nights shooting the basketball . Regardless , the win propelled Dallas into third place in the Western Conference . It 's beginning to look like the season is lost for the 76ers , but they still have Jahlil Okafor to look forward to , as he continued his trek towards Rookie of the Year . The former Duke Blue Devil turned in his second straight double - double , scoring 19 points and pulling down 11 rebounds over 33 minutes . But perhaps the most surprising player for Philly has been point guard T.J. McConnell , who keeps filling up the score sheet night in and night out . The undrafted rookie out of Arizona scored 13 points with seven rebounds and six assists over 34 minutes . The Mavericks continue their road trip Wednesday against the Celtics , while the 76ers will eye their first win of the season against the Pacers at home .
The Indiana Pacers ( 7 - 5 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 12 ) 112 - 85 on Wednesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . Dominating in all facets of this game , the Pacers got a much needed bounce back win after falling to the Bulls on Monday . They started quick , cruising to a 52 - 38 lead at the half . They then went on a 15 - 2 run to start the third quarter , pushing their lead to 27 points , which was too much for the Sixers to come back from . The Pacers put on a strong defensive performance as well , forcing the Sixers into a whopping 29 turnovers , 17 of which came in the first half . Paul George continued to put the team on his back Wednesday , finishing with a game - high of 34 points ( 13 - 24 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , to go along with eight rebounds and five assists . His re - emergence has been huge for the Pacers , as he 's now posted eight straight games with 26 or more points . The fifth - year pro out of Fresno State is now averaging 25 points , 9 rebounds and 5 assists on the season . With both Rodney Stuckey ( ankle ) and George Hill ( upper respiratory infection ) sidelined , C.J. Miles saw extended run on the court . He took advantage of the extra minutes , posting a season - high of 20 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also adding four assists . Miles is on fire right now , combining to shoot an impressive 13 - of - 24 from the field and 9 - of - 15 from the three - point line over his last two outings . Chase Budinger chipped in with 15 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and six rebounds as well . Jahlil Okafor and T.J. McConnell were the only Sixers ' players who got anything going Wednesday . Okafor finished with 14 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and six rebounds , while McConnell added a team - high of 16 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , to go along with six rebounds and three assists . Okafor was coming off two impressive double - doubles prior to this game , so it was somewhat of a disappointing performance for the rookie scoring leader out of Duke . He 's now averaging 19 points , 8 rebounds and 1 assists on the season . McConnell , on the other hand , has now reached double figures in points in three out of his last four games , which was something he previously had n't done this season . Jerami Grant added 13 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , four rebounds and three blocked shots over 29 minutes as well . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , while the Sixers will travel to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 18 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 15 ) 103 - 91 at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia on Tuesday . Despite trailing by eight points at halftime , Philadelphia took advantage of a stagnant Lakers offense to pull away for a comfortable win , outscoring Los_Angeles 53 - 33 in the second half . This was the first victory of the season for the 76ers after they had tied the 2009 - 10 New Jersey Nets for the worst start in NBA history , while the Lakers have now dropped seven straight contests themselves . The 76ers saw six scorers reach double digits , with Robert Covington’s 23 points leading the way . Nerlens Noel had 14 points and nine rebounds in just 26 minutes off the bench , and Jerami Grant was an efficient 6 - for - 7 from the field while tallying 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists , and four blocks . Rookie Jahlil Okafor’s 12 points were well below his season average of 18 , but he’ll be happy to trade away personal accolades for his first taste of victory in the NBA . For the Lakers , not much went right besides Julius Randle recording a second straight double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds . Kobe Bryant led the team in scoring with 20 points , but hit just seven of the 26 shots he attempted , and finished a game - worst - 21 in plus/minus . Jordan Clarkson’s 19 points gave him at least that many for the fourth time in five games , but he managed just two assists as his team was out - assisted 28 - 15 in the game . Both teams will be right back in action Wednesday , as the Lakers travel to Washington while the 76ers face the Knicks in New York .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 18 - 4 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 21 ) Monday 119 - 68 at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . This game was essentially over before it even started , despite the fact that Tim Duncan , Kawhi Leonard and Manu Ginobili were all sat to rest . The Spurs came out firing , winning the first quarter 33 - 17 and holding 65 - 29 lead at halftime . Despite playing only 22 minutes , LaMarcus Aldridge still managed to have a monster game , posting 26 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting and nine rebounds . Tony Parker played just 17 minutes , but still managed 12 points and six assists in that time . Off the bench , Boban Marjanovic scored an incredibly efficient 18 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting in 17 minutes . All 12 active Spurs played at least nine minutes in this game and recorded 32 assists to just 7 turnovers . The 76ers were not as productive , as Nerlens Noel and Robert Covington led the way in the losing effort , recording 13 points and six rebounds each . Nike Stauskas added 13 points of his own off the bench , while Jahlil Okafor returned from his suspension to score 10 points on a sorry 3 - of - 14 shooting . As a team , they recorded just 14 assists to 13 turnovers . Up next , the Spurs will head to Toronto to take on the Raptors Wednesday , while the 76ers will travel to Brooklyn Thursday to play the Nets .
The Detroit Pistons ( 13 - 11 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 22 ) 107 - 95 on Friday . The Pistons came into the night trying to avoid a fifth straight road defeat , and were facing an ideal opponent to help them break that streak in the 76ers . Detroit was able to accomplish their goal , but did so through a see - saw game that saw each team seemingly forget how to play defense in alternating quarters . The visitors ambushed the Sixers early , building a 35 - 14 lead by the end of the first period . Philadelphia closed the deficit to 57 - 46 by halftime on the strength of a second quarter where they outscored Detroit by a score of 32 - 23 . Coming out of intermission , it was the Pistons ' turn to reestablish their dominance , and they managed to build their lead back up to 22 by outscoring the home team 31 - 20 during the period . Entering the fourth quarter , the one - win Sixers consequently found themselves down 88 - 66 , and were able to only gain modest ground by winning the final 12 minutes , 29 - 18 . The end result was a 107 - 95 final score , and Philadelphia 's 22nd loss in 23 games . Detroit secured the victory on the strength of impressively productive and balanced nights from each of their starting five . They were led by stalwarts Reggie Jackson and Marcus Morris , who each managed 21 points . The former added five rebounds and four assists , while the latter pitched in with eight rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Andre Drummond posted a second consecutive 18 - point performance and double - double , adding 16 rebounds , four blocks and a pair of steals . The Pistons ' superstar center has now hauled in 35 boards over the last two games alone . Ersan Ilyasova and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who have proven to be inconsistent at times this season , also made significant contributions . Ilyasova filled out the stat sheet with a second 15 - point effort in the last three contests , and eight rebounds , a pair of assists , a pair of blocks and a pair of steals . Meanwhile , Caldwell-Pope collected 13 points , two assists , two rebounds and three steals . The Pistons improved to 13 - 11 and remain in fourth place in the Eatern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Pacers on Saturday night . The Sixers encouragingly received another strong performance from first - rounder Jahlil Okafor , who has now put together back - to - back impressive outings after a sub - par return from his suspension last Monday against the Spurs . Friday , Okafor tallied 22 points and added six boards . Joining him in posting double - digit scoring were Nerlens Noel ( 10 points ) and the dependable Robert Covington ( 18 points ) , who also came a rebound short of a double - double . Isaiah Canaan had a third straight poor outing , managing only seven points , two assists and a rebound over 23 minutes . Kendall Marshall made his season debut after knee surgery , and poured in five points over 16 minutes . Jerami Grant led the Sixers reserves with eight points . Philadelphia fell to 1 - 22 and remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Toronto to face the Raptors on Sunday afternoon .
The New_York Knicks ( 13 - 14 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 27 ) by the score 107 - 97 , Friday night in Philly . The 76ers played a strong first three minutes , getting up 11 - 9 but that would be the last lead they saw . New_York went up 13 - 11 with 7:27 left in the first quarter and did not look back from there , maintaining close to a 20 point cushion for most of the second , third and fourth quarters . With this win the Knicks have now won three in a row . Arron Afflalo continued his better play as of late and led the Knicks in scoring for the second game in a row . Afflalo finished with 22 points on efficient 9 - 13 shooting , including going 3 - 5 from deep , along with seven rebounds , one assist and one block , in 26 minutes . Carmelo Anthony did not have his best shooting night , going 4 - 14 from the field , but still finished with 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 28 minutes . Derrick Williams chipped in 17 points on solid 7 - 11 shooting , along with three rebounds and one steal , in 22 minutes off the bench . The 76ers had five players score in double digits and shot a respectable 48 percent from the field but only grabbed 36 rebounds , which severely affected their ability to get the score within striking distance . Jahlil Okafor led the way in scoring for his team , with 20 points on 9 - 17 shooting . He also finished with five rebounds and two assists , in 30 minutes . Tony Wroten chipped in 15 points , three rebounds and thee assists , but had a troublesome seven turnovers , in 23 minutes off the bench . Isaiah Canaan had 14 points and three assists in 28 minutes . Nerlens Noel started after being doubtful to play due to his scratched cornea , although he had little impact on the game . Next up the 76ers will be in Cleveland on Sunday to face the Cavs . The Knicks will face the second night of a back - to - back as they host Chicago on Saturday , in New_York .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 16 - 14 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 29 ) 104 - 90 on Tuesday . The Sixers have accomplished new levels of futility this season for a variety of reasons , and carelessness with the ball has certainly been a primary one . Philadelphia came into Tuesday 's contest committing a league - worst 17 turnovers per game , and further cemented that reputation by tallying a whopping 28 of them against the Grizzlies , which lead to 36 points on the opposite end of the floor . While they certainly require drastic improvement in virtually every area , some of the Sixers ' most glaring weaknesses directly relate to their fundamentals , with Tuesday 's performance serving as a prime example . Memphis received balanced scoring efforts from the majority of their starting five , with four front - line players managing double digit - points . Marc Gasol led the way with a game - high 19 points , and added six rebounds , five assists , three steals and a block , continuing his recent stretch of particularly strong play . The veteran center also had an interesting matchup against standout rookie Jahlil Okafor , who managed to mostly hold his own against the Memphis big man . Mike Conley contributed his usual solid stat line , managing 18 points , six assists , a rebound and a steal . Matt Barnes posted a second consecutive double - double , collecting 12 points and hauling in 10 boards . Courtney Lee pitched in 15 points of his own , and Zach Randolph enjoyed his best game in the six contests he has come off the bench . The former starter tallied 14 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a steal over 25 highly efficient minutes . The Grizzlies improved to 15 - 11 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Washington to face the Wizards on Wednesday . Okafor led the way for Philadelphia with 18 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists , while hanging tough against one of the top defensive centers in the league . It was an important performance for the 2015 first - round pick , after having been largely stymied by the Cavaliers ' frontcourt on Sunday to the tune of nine points on 3 of 11 shooting . Isaiah Canaan was the only other Sixers starter with double - digit points ( 15 ) , as the trio of Tony Wroten , Robert Covington and Jerami Grant could only manage modest totals of seven , eight and nine points , respectively . Hollis Thompson came off the bench to post a season - high 16 points to pace the Philadelphia reserves . The Sixers fell to 1 - 29 , the worst record in the league . They reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division and now head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Wednesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 33 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 23 ) 109 - 99 on Monday night . In a game between two of the worst teams in the NBA , the two teams played surprisingly efficient . Both teams shot over 53 percent from the field and got all - around great team efforts . Both benches were huge tonight , as Philly 's reserves scored 61 points while Minnesota 's bench players scored 55 of their own . In fact , four of the top six scorers in this game came from their respective benches . Philly has been known to fold late in games , but they won the fourth quarter by nine points to overcome a second half deficit and run away with the win . These are two teams at the bottom of the totem pole right now , but they both have bright futures and showed some promise here . The Timberwolves came into this game with a better record on the road than at home , but they couldn’t pull off a road win against the worst team in the NBA . The strange part about this game was the minutes distribution , as Andrew Wiggins and Karl-Anthony Towns played just 49 minutes combined . As mentioned before , the bench was the only bright spot for the Wolves . Shabazz Muhammad led the team with 20 points and Gorgui Dieng tallied 14 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks off the bench . It 's just too difficult for this team to compete unless Towns and Wiggins gets the 30 - plus minutes they deserve . Minnesota will look to play better on Wednesday when they host the struggling Denver Nuggets . This Philadelphia team is simply a different team since the acquisition of Ish Smith . They are now 3 - 4 since trading for him and he 's had a huge impact in every win . Smith was spectacular here , as he tallied 21 points , 11 assists , four rebounds and three steals . The big surprise in this game was the bench play , as Carl Landry and Richaun Holmes combined for an impressive 33 points in 40 minutes of play . There 's not much to smile about as a Sixers fan these days , but the recent play has to be encouraging and at worst draw a smirk . They 'll look to continue their recent success on Thursday against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 22 - 15 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 24 ) 126 - 98 on Thursday . Despite a blowout loss that somewhat negated the modest progress made by Philadelphia over the last six games , the team will be able to point to one silver lining , namely the performance of rookie standout Jahlil Okafor . It had been a rocky road for the 2015 third overall pick since over the last two weeks , with a knee injury costing him two games , and then having his minutes limited over the next three contests as he was eased back into action . Okafor drew the start in a home tilt versus the Timberwolves on Monday but underwhelmed , tallying only 10 points , three rebounds and two assists over 21 minutes . It was refreshing for the Sixers , therefore , to see him break out with 21 points , seven rebounds , a block and a steal over just 27 minutes against the Hawks . Notably , he managed the impressive numbers with Nerlens Noel alongside him in the frontcourt , who also posted a strong outing . With recent scuttlebutt about the two having trouble gelling when on the court together , the theory was disproven , at least for one game . As evidenced by the final score , the Hawks enjoyed prolific performances from multiple players . Kent Bazemore led the way with 22 points , six rebounds , four assists , a pair of steals and a block . Al Horford and Paul Millsap followed with a pair of 18 - point efforts . The former came just one rebound shy of a double - double and also added three apiece in the assists , steals and blocks categories , while the latter contributed six rebounds , four assists and two steals . With the comfortable lead , the reserves also got a bit more run than usual , and were paced by Dennis Schroder 's 14 points , six assists , four rebounds and two steals over just 19 minutes . Mike Scott also managed double - digit scoring off the bench with 11 points . The Hawks improved to 22 - 15 and vaulted into a first - place tie with the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head back home to take on the Chicago Bulls in a Saturday night showdown . Ish Smith and Noel were the only other starters to make notable contributions in addition to Okafor . Smith continued his solid play at point guard since being acquired back from the Pelicans , pitching in 12 points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal . He 's now posted double - digit points in five of the seven games he 's played in his latest Sixers tenure . Noel posted a modest nine points , but complemented it with a solid 13 boards , along with a pair of assists , a pair of steals , and a block . Jerami Grant paced the Philadelphia reserves with 11 points , a pair of rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The Sixers fell to 4 - 24 and reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home to face the Toronto Raptors on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 24 - 15 ) defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 35 ) 108 - 95 on Saturday night . The 76ers jumped out to an early 120 lead on the Raptors who were coming in on the second night of a back - to - back . The Raptors woke up though responding to the 120 run by outscoring the 76ers 57 - 32 during the rest of the first half . Ish Smith scored 18 points in the third quarter and helped Philly bring it to a four - point game early in the fourth but it was not enough as the Raptors cruised to victory . Toronto has now won its last 11 games against Philadelphia . Kyle Lowry led the way for the Raptors with 25 points ( 10 - 17 FG ) , six rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 38 minutes . DeMar DeRozan filled the stat sheet in a similar way with 19 points ( 9 - 17 FG ) , seven rebounds and five assists , in 37 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas added a quick 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) , nine rebounds and two assists , in only 28 minutes . The Raptors ' bench contributed a healthy 40 points in this contest . Ish Smith had a great game for Philadelphia , finishing with a game - high 28 points ( 12 - 22 FG ) , in 33 minutes . Jahlil Okafor was solid with 19 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) , six rebounds and four assists , in 33 minutes . Carl Landry was looking good in 12 minutes off the bench as he chipped in 11 points and three rebounds . Although they came up short , the 76ers gave a good contest and made it an entertaining game . Ish Smith and the 76ers will be faced with the second game of a back - to - back as they host the Cavaliers on Sunday . The Raptors will have a four - day break before they wrap up their current five - game road trip with a contest in Orlando on Thursday .
Jimmy Butler scored a career - high 53 points as the Chicago Bulls ( 23 - 15 ) came from behind to defeat the Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 37 ) 115 - 111 in overtime . Butler attempted a season - high 30 shots , making half , and went 21 of 25 from the free - throw line . His tied the highest - scoring performance of the season , matching the 53 points dropped by Golden State 's Stephen Curry on Halloween . Butler added 10 rebounds , six assists and three steals . Since the start of the new year , Butler has taken his game to the next level . The superstar is averaging 31 points per game in January and has also taken on a role as a distributor , averaging 7 assists per game in addition . Aside from Butler , the Bulls struggled on the floor . Starting point guard Derrick Rose sat out with left knee tendinitis , and backup Kirk Hinrich managed just five points and four assists in 32 minutes . Power forward Nikola Mirotic , meanwhile , shot a paltry 2 of 13 from the field . In the end , however , Butler was simply too superb for the Bulls to fall short . For Philadelphia , meanwhile , the loss comes in heartbreaking fashion for a team in desparate need of a win . The Sixers are on track for a historically poor season , as they now sit at 4 - 37 despite leading the Bulls by 24 points midway through the game . Philadelphia was disadvantaged , as sophomore Nerlens Noel was forced to come off the bench due to stomach problems . Noel was still able to put up eight points , six rebounds , and three blocks in 24 minutes of play . Recent addition Ish Smith had a strong outing , posting 24 points and eight assists , while forward Robert Covington came out of a slump to post 25 points . Philadelphia next faces Portland at home on Saturday . Chicago , meanwhile , has a back - to - back , and faces Dallas at home on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 5 - 37 ) blew out the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 18 - 25 ) on Saturday , 114 - 89 . This was easily the Sixers best performance of the season , as they took care of business against a hot Portland team . The game got our of hand early , as Philadelphia carried a 25 - point lead into halftime . Almost everything was clicking tonight for Philly , as the Sixers outshot the Blazers by 17 percent while also outrebounding , outassisting , and tying in the turnover battle . It 's games likes these that give Sixers fans some hope for the future and this looks like a completely different team with Ish Smith in the fold . Portland was playing in the second half of a back - to - back here and it was clearly evident through their poor play . Damian Lillard and C.J McCollum have been carrying this team all year , but the two combined to shoot 10 - for - 36 from the field while accumulating just 27 points , four rebounds and four assists . No player on this team had more than 14 points , seven rebounds or five assists and that 's a bad sign for success . The Blazers shot just 39 percent from the field and this will be one of those games they 'd just like to get on the plane and forget forever . Portland will look to play better on Monday against the Washington Wizards in their next fixture . This Philadelphia team has been playing much better since the acquisition of Ish Smith and this performance emphasizes that fact . This Sixers team at the beginning of the season would have had no chance to beat a team by 25 points and this is a great sign going forward . Five different players scored at least 14 points tonight for Philly with all five combining to shoot over 50 percent from the field in the win . Jahlil Okafor was their best player tonight though , as he finished with 25 points and 10 rebounds . Nerlens Noel 's four - point , eight - rebound line doesn’t look great , but his four blocks and four steals were a huge game changer tonight . Richaun Holmes also had a nice game off the bench in garbage time , as he tallied 14 points and six rebounds . The 76ers will look to build off this dominating win when they take on the New York Knicks on Monday .
The Boston Celtics ( 24 - 21 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 6 - 39 ) 112 - 92 on Sunday night . Boston was favored by a significant margin coming into this game and they showed why here . They really dominated the second and third quarters , as they outscored the Sixers by 10 points in each . The assist - to - turnover ratios were the huge difference in this game , as the Celtics outassisted the Sixers 29 to 17 and drew 23 Philly turnovers . Whenever you commit six more turnovers than assists , that 's an almost guaranteed loss . Philadelphia was also held to under 40 percent shooting with Boston hitting over 44 percent of their shots . Boston has been playing much better recently , as this was their fifth win in their last seven games . It was once again a team effort , as Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder tied the team - lead with 20 points scored . Marcus Smart came off the bench and gave the team a nice spark as well , as he scored 16 points and recorded four steals in the win . Jared Sullinger flirted with a triple - double too , as he tallied eight points , 11 rebounds and seven assists in the victory . Up next for the Celtics is the Washington Wizards , as they play Monday in the second portion of a back - to - back set . The Sixers have had very few of these types of games since the acquisition of Ish Smith , but this was simply an ugly loss . Committing 23 turnovers is a disastrous number and the game was well out of hand early in the fourth quarter . Robert Covington was the lone bright spot in the defeat , as he hit six three 's en route to a 25 - point , eight - rebound performance . No other player on the roster scored more than 12 points or grabbed double - digit rebounds . That 's a recipe for disaster and it 's even worse considering no one had more than four assists either . Philadelphia will look to play better on Tuesday against the struggling Phoenix Suns .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 39 ) led final three quarters Tuesday to beat the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 32 ) at Wells Fargo Center , 113 - 103 . The game was decided at the three - point line , as the 76ers had a 15 - point advantage from downtown thanks to a sharp 11 - 28 shooting night ( 39 percent ) . The Suns , meanwhile , managed just 6 of 19 from deep ( 32 percent ) and missed 10 of their first 13 attempts from beyond the arc , by which point it was too late to mount a comeback . Ish Smith scored 20 points and dished a game - high nine assists to spearhead the Philadelphia offense , and Robert Covington sunk five three - pointers to power his 19 - point effort , and Nerlens Noel had a solid all - around night inside , as he scored 14 points on an efficient 5 - of - 7 shooting night , grabbed nine rebounds , and recorded three steals and three blocks . Archie Goodwin led all scorers with 26 points on a strong all - around night for Phoenix , as he grabbed six rebounds , dished six assists , and notched two steals . Alex Len posted a double - double with 16 points and 12 rebounds , but nobody else got going , as just four Suns finished in double figures and nobody besides Goodwin or Len managed more than 12 . The 76ers have won two of three and three of their last five , and they 'll head on the road for a Wednesday game against the Pistons . The Suns will remain on the road for a Wednesday contest in Cleveland .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 43 - 4 ) defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 41 ) 108 - 105 on Saturday at Wells Fargo Center . The league 's worst team gave the league 's best team a run for its money in a game that went right down to the wire . The 76ers were down by as many as 24 points halfway through the third quarter , but they rallied to outscore the Warriors 47 - 23 down the stretch , tying 105 - 105 with 22 seconds remaining . On the their final possession , the Warriors found Harrison Barnes in the corner for the game - winning three - pointer with 0 seconds left . Despite the result , the Sixers showed an impressive performance against a team that has been blowing out top - notch opponents . Klay Thompson led the Warriors in scoring , with 32 points ( 14 - 26 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt ) , along with three assists and two rebounds , in 32 minutes . Stephen Curry tallied 23 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt ) , six assists , five rebounds and two blocked shots , in 34 minutes . Although they led the team offensively , Curry and Thompson combined for 12 turnovers and zero free throw attempts . Meanwhile , Draymond Green chipped in numbers across the board , with 10 points , 13 rebounds , nine assists , two steals and one block , in 32 minutes . Green however had seven turnovers of his own . As a team Golden_State gave up 23 turnovers and totaled only two free throw attempts . Seven players contributed double digits in the points column for the 76ers . Isaiah Canaan finished with a team - high 18 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with four rebounds , four steals and two assists , in 30 minutes off the bench . Ish Smith had a solid game and really helped spark Philly 's comeback , as he tallied 16 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , nine assists , five rebounds and four steals , in 35 minutes . Robert Covington had a double - double with 12 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt ) and 13 rebounds , along with two steals , in 35 minutes . The Sixers stole the ball 18 times from the Warriors , using defense to spark their comeback . The 76ers now have a few days between games as their next match is on Wednesday , when they host the Atlanta Hawks . The Warriors will move on to the second game of their current three - game road trip , on Sunday versus the Knicks . They will look to extend their win streak to seven .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 29 - 22 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 42 ) 124 - 86 on Wednesday . The Hawks already had a double - digit lead after one quarter , and gradually pulled away from an overmatched Sixers squad that was coming off three full days of rest following a near upset of the reigning NBA champion Warriors last Saturday . Atlanta shot 52 percent from the field and 50 percent from beyond the arc , and with a comfortable lead throughout the second half , was able to give their bench players extended playing time . The reserves maximized the extra opportunity , scoring a whopping 80 of the team 's 124 total points on the night . Five members of the second unit tallied double - digit scoring , and the Hawks enjoyed a lead as large as 43 points at one point in the fourth quarter . Atlanta was led by a pair of 13 - point efforts from Tim Hardaway , Jr. and Mike Scott . Hardway added seven rebounds , four assists and a steal , while Scott contributed a near double - double , hauling in nine boards , dishing out an assist and recording a steal . Three additional reserves - - Dennis Schroder , Thabo Sefolosha and Mike Muscala - - pitched in with 12 points apiece . Among the starters , Kent Bazemore led the way with his own 12 - point tally , which he complemented with three rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Paul Millsap and Jeff Teague followed with matching 10 - point performances , with the former also registering four rebounds , three assists , a steal and two blocks , and the latter amassing three rebounds , three assists and three steals . With the victory , the Hawks remain in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home for a Friday night showdown with the Indiana Pacers . The Sixers predictably had little to celebrate on the stat sheet , with a 17 - point outing by Nik Stauskas leading the way . He also managed four rebounds and a pair of assists . The frontcourt duo of Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel were next in line with 10 points apiece , along with five and seven rebounds , respectively . Okafor also had three assists , a steal and a block , but turned the ball over five times as well . Noel dished out five assists of his own , along with two steals and a block . Isaiah Canaan paced the reserves with 11 points , two rebounds and an assist . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 43 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 13 - 39 ) 103 - 98 on Saturday in a matchup of the Eastern Conference 's bottom two teams . It was a joint effort between Philadelphia 's pair of young big men , Nerlens Noel and Jahlil Okafor , that pushed the Sixers over the top against Brooklyn . Okafor led the team with an efficient 22 points on 9 - for - 16 shooting to go along with a whopping 17 rebounds ( a season high ) . Noel , meanwhile , was fiesty on the defensive end , stealing the ball four times and blocking three shots . The sophomore currently leads the entire NBA in `` stocks , '' or steals plus blocks , since the start of the new year . Noel also poured in 18 points on a highly - efficient 8 - for - 11 from the field . As a whole , the Sixers were able to cope with the absence of starting point guard Ish Smith ( left ankle ) who sat the game out due to injury . Many have credited Smith for Philadelphia 's turnaround , as seven of the Sixers ' eight wins have now come since Smith 's midseason acquisition . The Nets came into Saturday 's matchup riding positive momentum after a win against Sacramento on Friday . Unfortunately for Brooklyn , however , the Sixers simply won out in all measurable advantages in the game ; Philly held a 42 - 36 advantage in rebounds , a 54 - 40 advantage in points in the paint , a 14 - 19 advantage on turnovers , and made 10 three - pointers in comparison to Brooklyn 's five . Things were not as one - sided as one may imagine , however , and the play of power forward Thaddeus Young was a major reason why . Young posted a double - double with a team - leading 22 points and 10 rebounds . The veteran 's rebounding renaissance has continued deep into the 2015 - 16 season , as Young is now averaging 9 rebounds per game , almost three better than he has ever averaged before in his career . Center Brook Lopez also had a strong showing , as he posted 17 points and went 7 - for - 7 from the free - throw line . Brooklyn will take on the Denver Nuggets on Monday at Barclays Center . Philadelphia will host the Los Angeles Clippers in their next matchup , which is also on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 35 - 17 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 44 ) in overtime for a 98 - 92 win on Monday . The Sixers carried a double - digit lead into the half , but just couldn’t hold off the Clippers for the full 48 minutes . The overtime got off to an ugly start as well , with Los_Angeles scoring the first eight points . Both teams shot below 38 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range in the overtime thriller . The turnovers were the difference , as Philadelphia committed 20 turnovers to the Clippers 12 . Los_Angeles came into this game as a huge favorite and were lucky to escape with a win . Jamal Crawford and J.J. Redick led the team with 23 points a piece . Chris Paul had a good all - around game , as he tallied 19 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the win . DeAndre Jordan destroyed the Sixers in the paint , as he snatched down 21 rebounds and swatted away three shots in the victory . On deck for the Clippers is a matchup with the Boston Celtics on Wednesday . The Sixers have been a much more competitive team recently and nearly pulled out a statement win against a potent Clippers team . Jerami Grant led the team in both points and rebounds , as he amassed 17 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Ish Smith was on a supposed 24 - minute restriction , but accumulated 16 points , nine rebounds and five assists in over 33 minutes of action . Up next for Philly is a game against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic ( 25 - 30 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 48 ) 124 - 115 on Tuesday . A contest between two sub - .500 teams turned into an explosive affair , with Nikola Vucevic leading the way against his former team . The Magic 's big man posted a season - high 35 points , along with nine rebounds , four assists and a block , dominating a Sixers frontcourt that 's one of the most permeable in the league . Philadelphia 's penchant for handing the ball to the opposition persisted as well , with Orlando eliciting 22 turnovers from them , which was one of their undoings in the loss . The Sixers actually hung with Orlando until early in the final period , which they 'd entered trailing only 97 - 93 . However , Victor Oladipo spearheaded the visitors ' attack by scoring 10 of his 22 points in the quarter , helping to seal the victory . Oladipo added four rebounds , four assists and three steals to his point total . Evan Fournier was right behind him with 21 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals . Aaron Gordon managed his second straight double - double , totaling 11 points , 11 boards , three assists , three steals and a block . Ersan Ilyasova paced the Magic bench with 10 points and eight rebounds . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is currently four games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head home for a showdown with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . The Sixers were spearheaded by Ish Smith , who amassed 22 points , five assists and a rebound in a major bounce - back performance after a three - point outing against the Mavericks on Sunday . Jahlil Okafor supplied 17 points , two rebounds and a pair of blocks . Nerlens Noel registered a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , two steals and a block . Robert Covington pitched in with 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Hollis Thompson paced the Sixers bench with 14 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Detroit for a tussle with the Pistons on Thursday .
The Washington Wizards ( 27 - 30 ) took down the hapless Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 50 ) on Friday , winning 103 - 94 . All-Star John Wall has been on an absolute rampage coming out of the break , averaging over 18 points , 8 assists , and 7 rebounds while leading the once hopeless Wizards to a 4 - 2 record . Wall stole the show again in Philadelphia , nearing a triple - double with 23 points , 11 assists , and eight rebounds . The All-Star took scoring into his own hand while simultaneously making plays for teammates , leading the team in scoring and dimes in 39 minutes played . Despite stellar 9 - for - 19 shooting from Wall , the Wiz shot just 43 percent as a team . Bradley Beal , Washington 's second - leading scorer , came off the bench and went just 4 - for - 14 in 28 minutes played . Normally a stellar shooter , Beal had an off night , going just 1 - for - 6 on three - point attempts . The Sixers continue to sit at the bottom of the NBA standings after recording their 50th loss of the season . Philly was able to take the Wizards down to the wire on Friday , however , due in large part to the play of center Jahlil Okafor . The standout rookie went 9 - for - 13 to lead the team with 21 points . His frontcourt partner , sophomore Nerlens Noel , scored just nine , but pulled down eight boards and grabbed a pair of steals on the defensive end . Philadelphia had a major issue on the glass , allowing Washington to hold a 55 - 41 rebounding advantage . Philadelphia will visit Orlando on Saturday , while Washington will play host to the conference - leading Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 32 - 28 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 53 ) 119 - 99 on Wednesday . Despite a record that speaks for itself , the Sixers have proven to be a feisty nuisance for opposing teams from time to time this season . Such was the case Wednesday , when Philadelphia came in without standout rookie Jahlil Okafor due to his shin injury , and as losers of nine straight games . However , they hung tough with the playoff - contending Hornets , entering the final period trailing only 83 - 74 . However , a 9 - 2 run by Charlotte beginning at the 9:15 mark of the fourth quarter opened up a 16 - point lead for the home team that allowed them some breathing room . Although Philadelphia kept coming , the Hornets were able to outscore them 24 - 19 the rest of the way to secure the double - digit win . The Hornets saw four starters and one reserve tally double - digit scoring , and were led for a second consecutive night by Kemba Walker . He managed 30 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Cody Zeller amassed only half of Walker 's point total but it was enough to place him second in team scoring for the night , as he put together a stat line of 15 points , six rebounds , two assists and four blocks . Marvin Williams posted a near double - double with 14 points , nine rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Nicolas Batum was also productive , collecting 12 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a pair of steals . Jeremy Lin paced the reserves with 14 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists . Charlotte remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division and currently has a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head back home to face the Indiana Pacers on Friday night . The Sixers received a trio of 17 - point efforts from their short - handed starting five , a key factor in their ability to keep the game competitive throughout . The most productive of the three performances came from Robert Covington , who added nine boards , three assists , a steal and two blocks . Nerlens Noel supplemented his points with four assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals . Isaiah Canaan was only able to add two steals to his point tally , but now is three - for - three in producing double - digit scoring in his latest string of starting opportunities . Ish Smith finished with a well - rounded line of 12 points , eight assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Hollis Thompson led the bench with 10 points , two rebounds and an assist . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the league . They 're home again on Friday to face off with the Miami Heat .
The Houston Rockets ( 32 - 32 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 56 ) 118 - 104 on Wednesday . Even though they 'd lost 12 consecutive games heading into Wednesday 's contest , the Sixers had been competitive in several of them , with their oft - maligned offense showing signs of life on a more consistent basis . Their improvement had persisted in recent outings despite the multi - game absences of Jahlil Okafor ( shin ) and Nerlens Noel ( knee ) , and they reaped the benefit of Noel 's return Wednesday . Philadelphia got off to another strong start against the Rockets , jumping out to a 27 - 21 lead after one period . However , Houston 's superior talent eventually wore down the Sixers , with James Harden and Dwight Howard spearheading the charge . The Rockets ' dominance during the second and third periods , which they won by a combined margin of 72 - 52 , provided them enough of a cushion to hold on for the high - scoring victory . Harden 's 29 points paced the Rockets , and he supplemented his scoring total with nine rebounds , eight assists , a steal and a block . Howard was next with a 21 - point , 18 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks . Patrick Beverley filled out the stat sheet in continuing his recent stretch of strong all - around play , supplying 16 points , five assists , four rebounds and three steals . Trevor Ariza rounded things out for the first unit with 15 points , three assists , a rebound , two steals and a block . K.J. McDaniels paced the Houston bench with 12 points and three rebounds in an efficient 17 minutes . The Rockets are in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and retain a hold on the eighth seed in the conference . They next head to Boston , where they 'll take on the Celtics on Friday night . Ish Smith led the way with the Sixers with 21 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal , but did turn the ball over six times . Robert Covington and Noel were next with a pair of 17 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , four assists , four steals and a block , and the latter tallying nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . The Sixers ' big man notably played 32 minutes in his return . Jerami Grant received another start in Okafor 's stead , posting 13 points , three rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Isaiah Canaan led the reserves with 14 points , four assists and a rebound . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Friday against the division rival Brooklyn Nets .
The Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 32 ) trampled the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 57 ) 125 - 111 on Saturday . A Sixers squad that came into the game with a significantly depleted frontcourt nevertheless once again hung tough for almost all four quarters against a considerably superior opponent . Philadelphia learned on Friday that standout rookie Jahlil Okafor would miss the remainder of the season after undergoing surgery to repair a torn meniscus , and also knew that both Jerami Grant and Robert Covington would be sidelined Saturday under the concussion protocol after a scary collision with each other on Friday . Reserve forward Richaun Holmes was ruled out Saturday as well , after having departed the contest versus the Nets the night prior with Achilles soreness . This left Nerlens Noel and veteran Carl Landry to log heavy time against the Pistons ' talented duo of Andre Drummond and Tobias Harris , and they largely responded . However , an impressively balanced Pistons offense saw all five starters post double - digit scoring , and manage 50 percent or better success rates from both the field and three - point range . Detroit was spearheaded by Reggie Jackson 's 24 - point , 10 - assist double - double , which also included three rebounds and a steal . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was next , posting 23 points , six assists , four rebounds and two steals . Harris followed with 21 points , eight rebounds and an assist . Drummond posted a 19 - point , 15 - rebound double - double , and added an assist and a steal . Marcus Morris matched Drummond 's point total , and complemented it with seven rebounds , four assists and a block . The Pistons are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and currently have a hold on the eighth seed in the conference as well . They head to Washington to take on the Wizards on Monday night . Isaiah Canaan led the starters with 22 points , and added a rebound , an assist and two steals . Landry pitched in with 18 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Ish Smith followed with 16 points , four rebounds and two assists . Noel managed 12 points , six rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . Nik Stauskas paced the bench with 15 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now head to Brooklyn to face the Nets on Tuesday night .
The Washington Wizards ( 33 - 35 ) barely held on for a road win over the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 59 ) Thursday night at Wells Fargo Center , 99 - 94 . Washington coasted into halftime with a 58 - 39 lead and extended the gap to as many as 24 points in the third quarter . The Sixers slowly chipped away as the Wizards left off the gas in the second half , as they sliced the gap in half by the end of the third quarter . Trailing 78 - 63 , Philadelphia went on a 21 - 6 run to tie the game with 4:25 to go . But John Wall made sure the Wizards kept the lead , as he scored 10 of Washington 's 15 points down the stretch and assisted on two more as Philadelphia 's comeback bid fell short . Six players finished in double figures for the Wizards , including Wall . The Wizards point guard notched a triple double with 16 points , 14 assists and 13 rebounds , but it was hardly a flawless performance - - he missed 13 shots ( 4 - 17 ) and turned the ball over nine times . Marcus Thornton led the Wizards with 18 points off the bench , and Gortat added a double - double with 16 points ( 8 - 10 FG ) and 13 rebounds . The Wizards won despite shooting a brutal 6 - 27 ( 22 percent ) from the three - point line . Ish Smith 's 20 points ( 9 - 25 FG ) for Philadelphia led all scorers , and he added seven assists , three steals and two rebounds . Nerlens Noel scored 14 points and added 16 rebounds and seven steals as he was active all game . Hollis Thompson made 15 points but shot just 5 - 15 and 3 - 11 from three - point land . The Sixers as a whole could n't buy a bucket - - they managed just 39 percent from the floor and 6 - 33 ( 18 percent ) from deep . The Wizards return home to host the Knicks on Saturday . The Sixers welcome the Thunder for a Friday matchup in Philadelphia .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 43 - 31 ) made easy work of the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 66 ) Tuesday night at Wells Fargo Center , 100 - 85 . This one was competitive early , but nursing a 36 - 32 lead in the second quarter , the Hornets pushed it into high gear . Charlotte finished the half on a 16 - 4 run to take a 52 - 36 halftime lead that would prove to be insurmountable . The big run was powered by Nicolas Batum , who scored five points and dished a pair of assists in the 4:33 stretch . Batum recorded his second triple - double of the season with 19 points ( 8 - 16 FG ) , 12 rebounds and 12 assists . Cody Zeller added an efficient 18 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds , and Kemba Walker knocked down four three - pointers and finished with 16 points . Charlotte shot poorly - - just 44 percent from the field and 7 - 25 ( 28 percent ) from three - - but they dominated the defensive glass , grabbing 56 of Philadelphia 's 66 missed shots , a brilliant 85 percent defensive rebound rate . Robert Covington launched from three - point land all night and led the 76ers with 18 points on 6 - 14 shooting from deep ( 6 - 16 overall ) . Ish Smith scored 15 ( 6 - 17 FG ) and dished six assists and Nik Stauskas scored 13 ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3PT ) off the bench . Philadelphia shot 36 percent from three ( 16 - 44 ) but had no chance inside against Charlotte 's solid interior defense , as they shot a brutal 14 - 52 ( 27 percent ) on two - point attempts . The Hornets and 76ers will matchup again on Friday in Charlotte .
The Indiana Pacers ( 40 - 36 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 68 ) 115 - 102 on Saturday . Indiana coach Frank Vogel opted for a change in his starting five prior to Saturday night 's contest , inserting Lavoy Allen into the first unit and sending rookie Myles Turner to the bench . However , it was a night where the reserves stood out more than the front line players , as C.J. Miles , Rodney Stuckey and Turner all outshined their starting counterparts . Miles led the Pacers overall with 25 points , two rebounds , three steals and a block in just 21 minutes off the bench . Stuckey was close behind him with 17 points , five assists , a rebound and a steal over 22 minutes . Meanwhile , Turner notably outperformed Allen , who only played 13 minutes and tallied two points and a rebound despite the starting assignment . The rookie finished with eight points , 10 boards , two assists and a block in 27 minutes of court time . Paul George led the way for Indiana 's starters with 20 points , eight rebounds and six assists . Monta Ellis followed with 12 points , six assists , two rebounds and a steal . George Hill was close behind with 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block . Ian Mahinmi was only able to muster a modest six points , but did haul in 12 rebounds and record a steal and a block . The Pacers momentarily vault into a second place - tie with the Detroit Pistons in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , pending the outcome of Saturday 's Pistons-Bulls contest . Indiana is currently slotted in the seventh seed as well , and heads to New York to face off with the Knicks on Sunday . Isaiah Canaan paced the Sixers with 24 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists . Jerami Grant , who was supposed to be on a playing time restriction in his second game back from injury , provided 20 points , nine boards , three assists and a block over 37 minutes on the court . Carl Landry continued his solid work in Nerlen Noel 's stead , tallying 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Ish Smith supplied 12 points , six assists and a pair of boards . Nik Stauskas paced the bench with nine points , three assists and a pair of rebounds . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 10 - 68 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 48 ) 107 - 93 on Tuesday . A battle of last place teams turned into a surprisingly easy victory for the normally tough - luck Sixers , who got Nerlens Noel ( knee ) back on the court for the contest . Noel was on a pre - announced playing time restriction of 20 minutes , and actually came just short of that . He managed four points , six rebounds and a block over 18 minutes , making good on his vow to return to action before the conclusion of the regular season . Philadelphia , which has given several playoff - caliber teams trouble this season , came back from a 29 - 21 deficit after one quarter to trample the Pelicans in the second and third periods by a combined score of 67 - 44 . They received a highly productive effort from their bench , which accounted for 55 of their 107 points on the night . The Pelicans were paced by a 19 - point effort from Dante Cunningham , who also added a pair of rebounds and an assist . Luke Babbitt turned in another productive effort at small forward , managing 16 points , eight rebounds , and three assists . Alexis Ajinca , getting a start at center over Omer Asik , tallied a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . Tim Frazier matched Ajinca 's point total and added nine assists , six rebounds and three steals . James Ennis continued his solid play off the bench by leading the reserves with 11 points , two assists , a rebound and a block . New_Orleans remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They had to Boston to take on the Celtics on Wednesday . Philadelphia was led by a 22 - point effort from Carl Landry , who also added nine rebounds , an assist and two steals off the bench . Isaiah Canaan followed by leading the starting five with 16 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Robert Covington was next with a near double - double consisting of 12 points , nine boards , three assists , four steals and a block . Jerami Grant pitched in with 10 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Nik Stauskas and Hollis Thompson were also productive in reserve roles , managing a pair of 13 - point efforts . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Friday night to face off with the New York Knicks .
The New_York Knicks ( 32 - 48 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 10 - 69 ) 109 - 102 on Friday . Both clubs came into the night long eliminated from the playoff picture , but still playing competitive basketball . The two teams were also dealing with some frontcourt injuries , and the Knicks sported a revamped backcourt as well for the contest . Carl Landry ( back soreness ) sat out the game for Philadelphia , while Kristaps Porzingis remained on the bench with his shoulder injury for New_York . Those absences afforded Nerlens Noel some extra minutes for the Sixers , and provided Derrick Williams with another start at the four for New_York . Meanwhile , rookie Jerian Grant and veteran Sasha Vujacic drew the start at the guard positions for the Knicks , in place of Jose Calderon ( quad ) and Arron Afflalo , respectively . New_York was led by Robin Lopez , who managed a 24 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and three blocks . Carmelo Anthony was next , posting 20 points , three rebounds , an assist and two blocks . Grant contributed 16 points , six assists , five rebounds and a steal . Vujacic matched Grant 's point total , and also hauled in five rebounds , dished out four assists and recorded a pair of steals . Williams recorded a near double - double with 11 points , nine rebounds , an assist and a steal . Kyle O'Quinn paced the bench with 10 points , eight rebounds , an assist and two blocks . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . Philadelphia was led by Covington 's 30 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , two assists and a steal . Ish Smith followed with 20 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Noel and Nik Stauskas followed with matching 17 - point efforts , with the former also supplying 10 rebounds , an assist and two steals and two blocks , and the latter registering seven rebounds and five assists . Jerami Grant rounded out the successful night for the starting five with 10 points , five rebounds , four assists and a block . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday to face the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Washington Wizards ( 20 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 0 - 2 ) 118 - 113 Friday . Giannis Antetokounmpo returned to the court after serving his one - game suspension stemming from last postseason , and did so with a vengeance . Antetokounmpo led all scorers with 27 points and came within one rebound of a double - double , tallying nine boards . The 20 - year - old added three steals and a pair of assists in a performance that offered a glimpse of the vast potential that he possesses . The Wizards were paced by a 26 - point outburst from Bradley Beal , while backcourt mate John Wall chipped in with a 19 - point , 10 - assist double - double . While the rest of the Wizards starters struggled offensively , Ramon Sessions came off the bench to post a highly efficient 23 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting over just 26 minutes on the court . Veteran offseason acquisition Gary Neal poured in 13 points of his own to help supplement the efforts of his fellow trio of guards . The Bucks also got another productive effort from new center Greg Monroe , but the prized free agent signing encountered more of a challenge on the glass against the stout defense of Marcin Gortat on Friday . Monroe matched his 22 points from the opener on excellent 72 percent shooting , but managed only five boards , a steep drop from the 14 he hauled in Wednesday . Although Milwaukee additionally saw Khris Middleton rebound from a lackluster opener with an 18 - point effort , and benefited from a Michael Carter-Williams double - double , they saw the Wizards outscore them 36 - 21 in the final period to send them to their second defeat in as many games . The victory keeps the Wizards perfect at 20 and in first place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division . They head home for a Halloween showdown with the New York Knicks on Saturday . The loss drops the Bucks to 0 - 2 and keeps them in last place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head to Toronto to face the Raptors on Sunday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 7 ) 94 - 86 on Saturday . Thaddeus Young has always been a reliable , albeit unspectacular performer who nevertheless turns in a solid effort virtually every time he is on the floor . The veteran forward , along with center Brook Lopez , put the Nets’ offense on his back Saturday in a valiant effort that fell just short of netting Brooklyn their first win of the season . Young posted his second double - double in the last three games , tallying 18 points , 13 rebounds , and two steals . Lopez has been the heart and soul of a Nets offense that was ranked 29th in points scored coming into Saturday’s contest . The 27 - year - old posted his third consecutive game with at least 20 points , although he played under 30 minutes for the first time since last Saturday versus Memphis . Besides Young and Lopez , the rest of the Nets starters were unable to provide much in the way of offensive support , with only Jarrett Jack ( 10 points ) scoring in double figures . Richard Hollis-Jefferson could only muster two points in his second career start , while Joe Johnson continued his season - long struggles with only eight points on 3 - for - 10 shooting from the field . The Nets dropped to 0 - 7 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference’s Atlantic Division . Brooklyn gets a three - day break before a date with the Rockets in Houston on Wednesday . The Bucks enjoyed another strong effort from new center Greg Monroe , who rebounded from an eight - point outing versus the Knicks on Friday to tally 20 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals , and two blocks . Tyler Ennis was serviceable in starting for Michael Carter-Williams ( ankle ) , amassing nine points , a rebound , an assist , and a steal in an efficient 16 minutes . Jerryd Bayless , who had started Wednesday for Carter-Williams , finished with the bulk of the playing time at point guard , totaling 32 minutes on the floor and producing 19 points to pace Milwaukee’s bench . Khris Middleton ( 14 points ) and Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 11 points ) chipped in nice complementary performances in the victory . The Bucks improved to 4 - 3 on the season and are in a third - place tie with the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They remain home for a Tuesday tilt with the surging Boston Celtics .
The Boston Celtics came into Milwaukee and knocked out the Bucks 99 - 83 to improve to a 3 - 3 record . Boston snapped Milwaukee 's four game winning streak to start a two game winning streak of their own . Entering the third quarter , Milwaukee trailed by four in a tightly conested ball game . However , Boston dominated the third 30 - 17 to take control of the contest . It was an all - around team game for the Celtics who had six players reach double figures and ten players score overall . Isaiah Thomas led the way for Boston with 20 points , while Jared Sullinger provided the only double - double for the Celtics . Along with Sullinger 's 11 points and 10 rebounds , he provided three assists , one steal , and one triple . After being traded to Boston in the offseason , David Lee put together one of his more impressive games . He had 13 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds , and three assists in 21 minutes . Boston will attempt to improve on their 3 - 3 record Wednesday versus the Pacers . Giannis Antetokounmpo had his poorest perfomance of the year for the Bucks due to foul trouble . He put up 16 points , three boards , two steals , one three , and four turnovers in 24 minutes . Jabari Parker continued his comeback from an ACL injury with an efficient eight pioints , eight rebounds , one assist , and two steals in 24 minutes . Khris Middleton and Jerryd Bayless also scored in double figures with 13 and 12 points a piece . Milwaukee will look to rebound and start a new winning streak Wednesday in Denver .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 5 - 5 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 8 - 2 ) 108 - 105 in double - overtime thriller on Saturday . The final tally doesn’t represent how much of a defensive struggle this was between two defensive - centric teams . The Cavaliers committed a season - high 21 turnovers and that very well may have been the difference in a close game . Both teams struggled shooting the ball , as they both barely shot above 40 percent from the field and hovered around 70 percent from the free - throw line . This was a hard - fought defensive game that was 88 - 88 going into the first overtime . The Cavaliers were on the second half of a back - to - back and left it all on the floor on Saturday . The tired legs were evident though , as they set a season - high in turnovers and missed 24 three - point shots . They were led by LeBron James who put together a ridiculous line . King James tallied 37 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and three blocks in the loss . Kevin Love also had another strong double - double , as he recorded 24 points and 14 boards in the defeat . This was a tough situation for Cleveland and the effort - filled loss is still a good sign for the morale of this team . They 'll get a few days off and then play the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday . The Bucks carried a two - game losing streak coming into this game and put in quite the effort against the defending Eastern Conference champs . In the Bucks five wins this season , they have allowed under 90 points per game on average and that defense held true tonight . The 105 points looks like a lot from Cleveland , but its an unfair indicator considering the Cavs scored 88 points going into overtime . Milwaukee was led by Greg Monroe , who totaled 16 points and 17 rebounds , while grabbing a game - capping offensive rebound in the final seconds . This is a young and exciting team and they should be a threat to any team on any given night . They 'll look to start a new winning - streak on Tuesday against the Washington Wizards .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 7 - 8 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 7 - 7 ) Monday 109 - 88 at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . After losing the first quarter , the Bucks bounced back in a big way , winning the next two periods 63 - 36 . They eventually pulled out what is their more impressive win in what has been a rather slow start to the regular season . Going against his former team , Greg Monroe shined , recording his second consecutive double - double and finishing with 20 points and 13 rebounds in 31 minutes . Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his strong start to the season recording 17 points , six rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes . Khris Middleton scored 16 points , while Jabari Parker and Michael Carter-Williams each added 12 points , rounding out all five Bucks starters scoring in double figures . For the Pistons , Andre Drummond recorded a double - double of 15 points and 15 rebounds after failing to do so in his previous game . Beyond Drummond , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other starter to score in double figures , finishing with a team - high 17 . The other three Detroit starters combined to score just 11 points , while Stanley Johnson and Anthony Tolliver scored 16 and 13 points respectively off the bench . Up next , the Bucks will stay at home Wednesday to take on the Kings , while the Pistons will head home Wednesday and play the Heat .
The Sacramento Kings ( 6 - 10 ) came out on top 129 - 118 in a high - scoring affair against the Milwaukee Bucks ( 6 - 9 ) on Wednesday night . With a 40 - 33 first quarter the Kings established control and did not look back . Although , Milwaukee brought it within one point in the fourth quarter , the Kings managed to come up clutch and get the W. Rudy Gay had his best game of the season so far as he finished with 36 points , on 13 - 21 shooting , along with five rebounds and two assists . Five other players scored in double digits for Sacramento , who as a team shot an impressive 57 percent from the field . Omri Casspi shot 6 - 9 and finished with 19 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals in 30 minutes off the bench . Marco Belinelli added 17 points on 5 - 10 shooting , while Derren Collison added 18 also on 5 - 10 shooting . Rajon Rondo neared a triple - double with 10 points , 13 assists and nine rebounds in 38 minutes . DeMarcus Cousins sat this one out with a sore back . The Bucks had seven players score in double digits but could not come up clutch to get the win . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee with 21 points on 7 - 13 shooting ; he also had five rebounds and two assists . Khris Middleton also tallied 21 points , while shooting 5 - 8 from deep , and dishing six assists . John Henson put up strong numbers with a double - double consisting of 15 points and 11 rebounds in 19 minutes off the bench . Greivis Vasquez did not score double digits , but stil played a solid point guard game with nine points and seven assists in 15 minutes off the bench . Next up for the Bucks is a date in Orlando with the Magic Friday night , in what will be an important game for both teams looking to sneak into the top eight in the East . The Kings will be hosting Minnesota on Friday and will look to win back - to - back games , something they have done once so far this season .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 6 - 11 ) got the 92 - 74 win over the struggling Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 12 ) . Denver has now lost six straight , while the Bucks snapped a three game losing streak . Milwaukee out - scored Denver 46 - 30 in the second half and closed out the Nuggets by exhibiting stellar team defense . The Bucks recorded 12 blocks , 10 steals and forced 22 turnovers , while holding Denver to 74 points and 37 percent shooting from the field . Greg Monroe led the way in scoring for the Bucks , finishing with 18 points on 8 - 11 shooting , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks in only 24 minutes . Jabari Parker was looking strong in 25 minutes off the bench , with 16 points , four rebounds , two steals and two blocks , not to mention some highlight dunks . Michael-Carter Williams also came off the bench , but did not seem to mind . Williams finished with 12 points , nine assists , six rebounds , three steals and three blocks , in 30 minutes . The Bucks recorded 25 assists on 35 made field goals all while missing distributor Greivis Vasquez . Denver had nine players log 20 minutes or more but they could not develop any kind of rhythm thanks to the pressure defense from Milwaukee . The Nuggets as a team coughed up an unhealthy 22 turnovers . Danilo Gallinari was the high - point man for the Nuggets with 13 points , he also posted four rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Kenneth Faried chipped in 11 points on 5 - 9 shooting and seven rebounds in 22 minutes . Will Barton shot 2 - 2 from deep , contributing to his 10 points , along with six rebounds . Gary Harris remained inactive . Next up for Denver is visit to Chicago for Wednesday night , which will be the second game of a four game road trip for the Nuggets . Milwaukee will be visiting San Antonio Wednesday .
The Clippers ( 13 - 9 ) pulled away in the second half to defeat the Bucks ( 9 - 14 ) 109 - 95 at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Wednesday . The Clippers won their third straight game on the back of J.J. Redick 's season - high 31 points . Redick shot a blistering 11 - of - 18 from the field to pair with 6 - of - 9 shooting from downtown . He had been dealing with a rib injury that forced him to miss two of the past four games , but Redick really caught fire after shooting 1 - of - 9 from the field and missing all five of his 3 - point attempts in Monday 's win against the Timberwolves . Redick 's hottest stretch helped the Clippers jump out to a big lead in the third quarter , as he scored 11 points over a four - minute stretch . Los_Angeles has now won six of its past seven games and has a firm grasp on second place in the Pacific Division behind the undefeated Warriors . Chris Paul , who also missed two games last week due to a rib injury , returned to action Monday , but looked like the best point guard in the league against Milwaukee . He finished the night with 18 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and a season - high 18 assists over 38 minutes ( which matched his season high ) . The Clippers were dominant on the glass , outrebounding the Bucks 51 - 40 behind a 19 - rebound performance from DeAndre Jordan and 14 boards from Blake Griffin , who also chipped in 21 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting from the field . For the Bucks , it was the same old story , as Milwaukee was unable to hang with a superior team for longer than a half of basketball . They have played better at home this season , but were no match defensively for the Clippers offense . The one bright spot from Wednesday was the performance of Michael Carter-Williams , who was banished to the bench in favor of Jerryd Bayless initially , but with Bayless sidelined , O.J. Mayo took over at point guard . Carter-Williams finished with a team - high 20 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) and matched his season high of 11 assists over 32 minutes . The Clippers go right back to work on the road Thursday against the Bulls ; the Bucks travel to Toronto for a Friday bout with the Raptors .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 15 ) pulled off a big upset and ended a historic streak by beating the undefeated Golden_State Warriors ( 24 - 1 ) 108 - 95 on Saturday . The Bucks have now stopped the two - longest streaks in NBA history and they did it in dominating fashion on Saturday . It was clear there was an extra fire in the building and the Warriors just couldn’t muster up enough energy in the second half of a back - to - back to keep on winning . Milwaukee outshot the Warriors 49 percent to 41 percent and made just as many threes in 12 less attempts . The Warriors played a double - overtime thriller on Friday and that really hampered them here . Golden_State looked extremely tired and just didn’t have their legs underneath them , by shooting just 6 - for - 26 from three - point range . They were also outassisted 31 - 23 and that 's even more rare to see from this Golden_State team . Steph Curry was still spectacular though , as he tallied 28 points , seven rebounds and five assists in the loss . Klay Thompson also made his return from a one - game absence and that 's a silver lining in a tough result . The 24 - game winning streak is over , but it 's time to reflect and appreciate how special of a run that actually was . Golden_State wo n't play again until Wednesday when they host the Phoenix Suns to start a new winning - streak . The Bucks have had a rough season , but this win could be a springboard for a needed run . This shows how good this team can be at times , but the inconsistency is just so frustrating . Four players scored at least 17 points in the win , with the high - scorer being Greg Monroe with 28 . Giannis Antetokounmpo had his first career triple - double as well and it couldn’t have come at a better time . The team also combined for an incredible 31 assists on 44 made baskets and that 's a Warriors-esque stat . This is a much needed win for this young team , but it wo n't matter unless they keep this form going into their next game . They 'll look to build off this win against the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 15 - 23 ) emerged with the 96 - 95 home win against the Dallas Mavericks ( 21 - 16 ) , Friday night . The Bucks held the lead for most of the game and were up by as many as 17 but Dallas battled back when it counted to make it a tight finish . The Mavs pulled ahead 95 - 94 with 30 seconds left , which was their first lead since being up 8 - 6 in the first quarter . However , some clutch defense by the Bucks got them a steal and a fast break layup that put them up one , for the win . Milwaukee broke a six - game losing streak against the Mavericks and also broke their three - game losing streak with this win . Khris Middleton continued his impressive play for Milwaukee . Middleton had 17 points by halftime and finished with a total of 27 points ( 10 - 18 FG . 7 - 9 FT ) , five assists and three rebounds , in 39 minutes . Michael Carter-Williams recorded a double - double with 15 points and 12 rebounds , along with eight assists and five steals , in 41 minutes . John Henson came up with some clutch defense during the last possessions and was a nearly perfect 8 - 9 from the field on his way to 16 points , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Mavericks shot an NBA season - high 26 three - point attempts in the first half and finished the game 14 - 44 from beyond the arc . Dirk Nowitzki led Dallas in scoring with 20 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt ) and also pulled down nine rebounds , in 35 minutes . Devin Harris provided a spark in 18 minutes off the bench with 19 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , two rebounds and three assists . Zaza Pachulia was solid against his old team as he finished with nine points , 15 rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . Next the Mavericks will wrap up their current three - game road trip in Minnesota on Sunday . The Bucks will visit New York to face the Knicks on Sunday .
The struggling Milwaukee Bucks ( 16 - 24 ) topped the visiting Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 15 ) on Tuesday , 106 - 101 . Forward Giannis Antetokounmpo had a career night for the Bucks , who had lost three of their last four games . Antetokounmpo scored 29 points on 10 - for - 14 shooting with 10 rebounds , five assists , a block and a steal . `` The Greek Freak '' did it all without turning the ball over . The third - year starter has enjoyed a breakout year thus far , averaging a career - high 15 points and 7 rebounds per game on the season . Center Greg Monroe complimented Antetekoumpo 's stellar outing with a strong performance of his own , scoring 17 points and pulling down 12 rebounds . Monroe has now reached double - digit rebounds in four straight games and has double - doubles in three of his last four outings . Overall , the Bucks were able to win the game on the glass , out - rebounding Chicago 57 - 40 . Unsurprisingly , the Bulls relied heavily on shooting guard Jimmy Butler as they took the game down to the wire . The All-Star has been phenomenal in 2016 , averaging 27 points and 7 assists per game while shooting 49 percent in January . Tuesday was no exception , as Butler led the way with 30 points , eight rebounds , and six assists against Milwaukee . Wing Tony Snell complemented Butler 's performance with a 17 - point , seven - rebound outburst off the bench . While Chicago was able to score at will on the perimeter ( shooting 41 percent from three - point range ) , the team saw a huge deficit on the boards and in the paint , where they were outscored 62 - 32 . Chicago will likely look to be more aggressive in the lane as they take on Philadelphia 's tandem of young centers on Thursday . The Bucks , meanwhile , face the second half of a back - to - back on Wednesday as they travel to Washington to take on the Wizards .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 17 - 25 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 23 - 17 ) 108 - 101 on Friday night at BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . After a close game the whole way through , it took overtime to solve this one . In the overtime period Milwaukee outscored Atlanta 13 - 6 , handing the Hawks their second straight loss . The Bucks also extended their home win streak to three games . Six players scored in double digits for the Bucks , including all five starters . Giannis Antetokounmpo had a huge double - double , leading all scorers with 28 points ( 10 - 18 FG , 7 - 9 FT ) and pulling down 16 rebounds . Two other players rebounded in double digits for the Bucks . Greg Monroe hauled in 12 rebounds along with his 15 points , while Jabari Parker finished with 10 points and 10 boards . As a team the Bucks logged a monstrous 60 rebounds but it was their 25 free throws ( 25 - 37 FT ) that really made the difference in this one . The Hawks hurled up 100 shots in this game but only hit 43 of them . Also in contrast to Milwaukee 's 37 free throw attempts , Atlanta only got to the line six times . Paul Millsap finished with a solid double - double , including 23 points ( 10 - 19 FG ) and 10 rebounds , along with six assists and four blocks , in 32 minutes . Al Horford struggled from the field but tallied 18 points ( 9 - 23 FG ) , eight rebounds , two assists and two blocks , in 40 minutes . Jeff Teague dished 10 assists but only shot 4 - 13 , leading to nine points . Atlanta must get back on track as soon as possible because losing another two games could have them right out of the top eight in the East . Next the Hawks will face the second of a back to back as they host the Nets on Saturday . The Bucks will also be facing the second of a back to back as they play in Charlotte on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 26 - 21 ) withstood a close call Friday , edging the Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 29 ) , 107 - 103 . Miami remains without Hassan Whiteside ( oblique ) , but the defensive anchor 's absence has not stopped the Heat from winning three in a row . Once again , Dwyane Wade led the team 's scoring effort . Wade stuffed the stat sheet for 24 points , four rebounds , seven assists , three steals , and three blocks . Wade , a starter for the Eastern Conference All-Stars , was complemented by veteran Chris Bosh , who went for 20 points , six rebounds , and five assists . As a team , Miami shot 50 percent from the field and hit seven three - pointers while holding Milwaukee to just two makes beyond the arc . For the Bucks , the loss marks their second straight and fourth in five games . Despite last year 's playoff appearance , the team now sits at nine games below .500 and is well out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture . Even in the loss , rising star Giannis Antetokounmpo filled the box score with 28 points , four rebounds , six assists , two blocks , and three steals . The 21 - year - old has seen career - high averages across the board this season , his third year in the league . Miami will host the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday afternoon , while Milwaukee will travel to Sacramento on Monday night to face the Kings .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 21 - 32 ) edged the Boston Celtics ( 31 - 23 ) 112 - 111 on Tuesday . Both teams came into the game heading in opposite directions , making the final result all the more improbable . The Celtics had won nine of their last 10 games , and were riding a four - game winning streak that included a last - second victory over the Cavaliers . Meanwhile , Milwaukee came in as losers of five straight , and opted to shake up their starting five in advance of their tilt with Boston . Michael Carter-Williams and Greg Monroe headed to the second unit for the night , replaced at point guard and center by O.J. Mayo and Miles Plumlee , respectively . The first quarter went as expected , with visitors emerging with a 30 - 26 lead . However , the Bucks hung tough in the second period , and came out of intermission a different team . They doubled up the Celtics 40 - 20 in the third quarter , allowing them to take a seemingly safe 93 - 74 lead into the final 12 minutes . Boston had different ideas , turning the tables on Milwaukee in the fourth period , and managing to finally knot the game up at 111 with one second left after a pair of Kelly Olynyk free throws . Against all odds , Milwaukee found themselves with a chance to avoid overtime just four - tenths of a second later , in the form of Khris Middleton standing at the foul line . In an ironic twist , Avery Bradley , Boston 's hero in the aformentioned win over Cleveland , fouled Middleton as he tried to defend his last - second desperation shot , and the Bucks ' shooting guard sank the first free throw to seal the one - point win . The Celtics were led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from Bradley and Jae Crowder , who continues to play through a high ankle sprain . The former added four rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals , while the latter provided five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Isaiah Thomas registered 15 points , and supplemented it with a pair of assists and a pair of steals . Jared Sullinger only pitched in four points , but did add 11 rebounds and five assists . The bench was also highly productive on the night , with three players tallying double - digit scoring . Olynyk led the reserves with 15 points , three rebounds and a steal , while Jonas Jerebko managed 13 points and five boards . Marcus Smart collected 12 points of his own , and complemented it with four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face off with the Clippers on Wednesday . Middleton was both the hero and the Bucks ' leading scorer among the starting five , posting 20 points , five rebounds and five assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was next with 14 points , three rebounds , two assists , two steals and a trio of blocks . Jabari Parker bounced back from two sub - par outings with 10 points , three boards , two assists and a steal . Monroe responded to his demotion with a breakout 29 - point , 12 - rebound double - double off the bench that also included three assists , a steal and a pair of rejections . Carter-Williams also appeared motivated by his ouster from the first unit , contributing 16 points , six rebounds , five assists and a steal over 26 minutes . Jerryd Bayless was the third reserve with double - digit scoring , totaling 14 points , a rebound and two assists . Milwaukee remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division despite the win . They 're home again Thursday for a showdown with the Washington Wizards .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 22 - 32 ) took the game away from the Washington Wizards ( 23 - 28 ) in the fourth quarter , winning 99 - 92 on Thursday . Milwaukee has now won two in a row after upsetting the surging Bston Celtics on Tuesday . The Bucks saw their main advantage come on the boards , where they held a 58 - 38 edge over the Wizards . Shooting guard Khris Middleton had one of his most dominant performances of the season , scoring a game - high 27 points to go with six rebounds , nine assists , and five steals . Coach Jason Kidd opted to bring dominant center Greg Monroe off the bench in Thursday 's contest . The offseason acquisition played 33 minutes , scored 12 points , and pulled down nine rebounds . Washington was unable to perform from the field , shooting just 39 percent as a team . Per usual , the Wiz were led by the backcourt of John Wall and Bradley Beal . Wall posted a 15 - point , 10 - assist double - double , while Beal led the team with 19 points . The team was nonexistent from behind the arc , shooting 6 - for - 32 from three - point territory . They also struggled on the glass , pulling down just 38 rebounds and nine offensive boards . Both teams will now enjoy rest as they head into the All-Star break .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 28 - 26 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 22 - 33 ) 98 - 95 on Friday . All the statistics made this look like a Bucks win , but that simply wasn’t the case . Milwaukee outrebounded the Hornets 47 - 38 and also outassisted them 22 to 13 . It was the fourth quarter that made the difference for Charlotte , as they outscored the Bucks 28 - 17 over the final 12 minutes . The benches were not used very much in this contest , as only seven bench players were used between the two teams . Charlotte had won five of six going into the All-Star break and this comeback win is a great catalyst for the rest of the season . Al Jefferson made his long awaited return from a foot injury and played 23 minutes in the win . His replacement , Cody Zeller , obviously played with a chip on his shoulder , as he tallied a career - high 23 points and nine rebounds in the win . Kemba Walker had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 25 points , six rebounds and four assists in the victory . Up next for the Hornets is a date with the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday . Milwaukee has been using a different lineup recently and it 's unclear if it 's paying any dividends . Jabari Parker had one of his best games of the season though , as he amassed 23 points and 11 rebounds in the loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo finished the game with 18 points , 11 rebounds and four assists of his own . Greg Monroe had a terrible game off the bench , as he scored a measly four points while attempting just two shots and committing four turnovers in the defeat . Milwaukee 's next game will be on Saturday when they take on the Atlanta Hawks .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 24 - 33 ) defeated the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 47 ) 108 - 101 , Monday night at BMO Harris Bradley Center . Milwaukee led the whole way en route to their fourth win in five games . The Bucks came in averaging 110 points per game in their last three wins and almost reached that number again , which is surprising considering their offense was ranked bottom - five in the league for much of the season before the All-Star break . The Bucks have now won two in a row and improve to 16 - 9 at home . Seven players scored in double digits for Milwaukee , including Giannis Antetokounmpo , who tallied a triple - double as he led the way with a game - high 27 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , along with 12 rebounds and 10 assists . Antetokounmpo also blocked four shots and nabbed three steals , in 41 minutes . Khris Middleton chipped in 18 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , six assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes , while Jabari Parker added 15 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds and four assists , in 36 minutes . The Bucks shot 51 percent from the field thanks largely to their excellent job moving the ball , which resulted in 32 assists on 44 made field goals . The Lakers struggled to formulate any consistent offense as only 36 percent of their shots were successful . Nick Young tallied a team - high 19 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , along with three rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . Jordan Clarkson scored 15 points , along with three assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 24 minutes . Kobe bid fairwell to the city of Milwaukee by dropping 15 points ( 3 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , along with five rebounds and two assists , in 24 minutes , while fans chanted his name in the final minutes of the game . The Lakers gave up a sloppy 17 turnovers , leading to 20 points for the opponent . The Lakers will play next on Thursday , in Boston . The Bucks will head to Memphis for a date with the Grizzlies on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 32 - 29 ) earned a road win Wednesday night over the Milwaukee Bucks ( 25 - 36 ) at the BMO Harris Bradley Center , 104 - 99 . The Pacers exploded to begin the second quarter , breaking a 22 - 22 tie with a 14 - 2 run in the first four minutes of the period . The Bucks would n't cut it to a one possession game again until there were 16 seconds left in the fourth quarter , and after a pair of George Hill missed free throws , the Bucks had a shot to tie the game , but Khris Middleton missed a three - point attempt with 7 seconds remaining to seal the win for Indiana . Jordan Hill scored 19 points ( 8 - 12 FG ) in just 23 minutes off the bench to lead the Pacers in scoring . The Pacers presented a balanced attack , as seven players including all five starters finished in double figures . Paul Gueroge notched a double - double with 15 points and 10 rebounds to go with five assists ( but also seven turnovers ) . Rodney Stuckey scored 15 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 2 - 4 3PT , 3 - 4 FT ) in just 18 minutes off the bench . The Pacers shot lights out from beyond the arc , nailing 10 of their 20 three - point attempts ( 50 percent ) . Middleton led all scorers with 23 ( 7 - 19 FG , 2 - 5 3PT , 7 - 9 FT ) , and Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 22 ( 7 - 16 FG , 8 - 8 FT ) and added six rebounds , three asists , a steal and a block . Jabari Parker notched 18 points ( 8 - 15 FG ) and Greg Monroe scored 16 in 29 minutes off the bench . But the Bucks could n't find their three - point shot at all ( 3 - 14 , 21 percent ) and they lost despite going 28 - 32 ( 88 percent ) at the free throw line as a result . The Bucks host the Timberwolves on Friday . The Pacers continue their road trip Friday against the Hornets .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 26 - 36 ) secured a 116 - 101 home win against the young Minnesota Timberwolves ( 19 - 43 ) on Friday . The Bucks have had a disappointing season thus far , after a surprising trip to the playoffs in 2014 - 15 . However , the young core of Khris Middleton , Giannis Antetokounmpo , and Jabari Parker have steadily gained experience over the course of the season . Middleton was a force to be reckoned with on Friday , leading the game with 32 points on 11 - for - 16 shooting . Antetokounmpo , meanwhile , approached a triple - double with 27 points , nine rebounds , 12 assists , three steals , and two blocks . The `` Greek Freak '' stuffed the stat sheet on Friday , just a week after his first career triple - double . Despite stellar shooting , 25 team turnovers killed the young and rising Timberwolves on Friday . Rookie of the Year frontrunner Karl-Anthony Towns led the team with 21 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting . However , the 20 - year - old star also contributed four turnovers in what was a messy offensive game for the Wolves . It was a similar story for sophomore Zach LaVine , who had 20 points but turned the ball over six times . The Wolves will play host to the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday , while the Bucks will have a home game against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 43 - 20 ) defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks ( 26 - 37 ) 104 - 96 on Sunday at BMO Harris Bradley Center . The Thunder have been struggling lately , coming into this game on a two - game losing streak and with a 2 - 6 record since the All-Star break . However , they looked strong in this one , jumping out to a 32 - 12 first quarter lead . Milwaukee fought back in the second and third quarters in order to close the gap to five , heading into the fourth . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook took over from there , combining for 16 of OKC 's 20 points in the final frame to seal the deal for the Thunder . Durant led all scorers with 32 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 16 - 18 FT ) and tallied an excellent 11 rebounds , eight assists , two steals and one blocked shot , in his 40 minutes on the floor . Russell Westbrook notched his 10th triple - double of the season as he clocked in 15 points ( 3 - 7 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , 11 assists and 10 rebounds , in 39 minutes . Westbrook however gave up seven of the team 's total 22 turnovers on the game . Steven Adams was solid at the center position and finished with 14 points , eight rebounds and four assists , in 28 minutes . The Thunder shot only 43 percent from the field but managed to hold the Bucks to an even lower 38 percent , which allowed them to storm off with their 18th road win . The Bucks entered this contest 6 games out of eighth spot in the East and this loss only dampens their chances of catching up , however they did see a huge plus - side in the performances of young stars Jabari Parker and Giannis Antetokounmpo . Parker poured in an efficient 26 points ( 12 - 23 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , along with five rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , in 36 minutes , while Giannis recorded his third triple - double of the season , with 26 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 11 FT ) , 12 rebounds and 10 assists . Antetokounmpo also tallied four blocked shots and three steals , with only two turnovers , in 42 minutes . Meanwhile , Khris Middleton chipped in 18 points , five rebounds , five steals and three assists , in 40 minutes . Despite some great performances by the home team players , Milwaukee could not quiet the Thunder . The Bucks will now pack up and head to Chicago for a Monday evening contest . The Thunder have a couple of days off before hosting the Clippers on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 27 - 38 ) defeated the visiting Miami Heat ( 37 - 27 ) 114 - 108 , Wednesday evening at BMO Harris Bradley Center . The Bucks improved to 19 - 12 at home as they protected their court against the Miami Heat . The Heat came in winners of their last five games and seated fourth place in the East , 2 games ahead of Atlanta , but could not improve on their season - high win streak . Milwaukee got out to a quick 70 start and held the lead until Miami fought back late in the third to gain its first lead . The Heat led by five to start the final quarter but the Bucks did not give in and reclaimed the lead with seven minutes to go . Finally , Khris Middleton hit a floater to put the Bucks up by five with 27 seconds left , before the teams exchanged free throws to close it out . Milwaukee saw another great game from its budding stars , as Giannis Antetokounmpo , Jabari Parker and Khris Middleton all dropped more than 20 points . Giannis finished with 24 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 6 - 10 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , six assists and two steals , in 37 minutes , while Parker added 23 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , three rebounds and two steals , in 38 minutes . Khris Middleton filled up the stat sheet with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , eight assists , seven rebounds and one steal , in 40 minutes . In total the Bucks shot a very strong 52 percent from the field and tallied 27 assists as a team . Miami fell just short of winning a season - high sixth straight game , as they dropped the first game of a three - game road trip . Luol Deng had a strong game for the Heat as he tallied his eighth double - double of the season , with 20 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and 11 rebounds , along with two assists , two steals and one block , in 38 minutes . Dwyane Wade contributed 18 points , six assists , three rebounds and two steals , but turned the ball over six times in his 34 minutes on the floor . Hassan Whiteside was big in 29 minutes off the bench with 23 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) , 13 rebounds and three blocked shots . Miami also shot 52 percent from the field but gave up a few too many turnovers , with 17 . The Heat now travel straight to Chicago for a match on Friday . The Bucks host the Pelicans on Saturday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 39 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 30 ) 96 - 86 on Thursday . It 's bizarre to see a team well under .500 favored by double - digits over a team well above .500 , but circumstances made that the case in this matchup . Memphis is without their top - three scorers and two point guards and have now lost their fourth - straight game . The Bucks took care of business in the fourth quarter though , as they held the Grizzlies to 13 points , while scoring 28 on their end . The key in this game was the Milwaukee defense , as they held the Grizzles to 37 percent shooting and forced 15 turnovers . Another huge key was the low - post defense , as the Bucks combined for 17 blocks in their win . Memphis had to play this game without Marc Gasol , Zach Randolph , Mario Chalmers and Mike Conley and those injuries are just too difficult to overcome . Lance Stephenson does continue to play well though , as he tallied 19 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the loss . Matt Barnes led the team with 20 points , while also snatching down seven rebounds before an altercation in the final seconds that may get him suspended . The Grizzlies will look to get out of this slump on Saturday against the Los Angeles Clippers . This now gives Milwaukee four wins in their last five and they appear to be making one final push at the postseason . Giannis Antetokonmpo continued his emergence here , as he accumulated 15 points , 11 assists and six rebounds in the win . Greg Monroe recorded a double - double , as he scored 14 points while bringing down 10 boards . The Bucks will look to keep the momentum up on Sunday against the Utah Jazz in their next matchup .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 42 - 31 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 44 ) 115 - 91 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Hornets had a 26 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . Charlotte was unconscious from the field , as they hit 55 percent of their shots and 55 percent of their three 's in their blowout win . The Hornets have been playing some great ball and wins like this puts an exclamation point on their season . Nicolas Batum was fantastic , as he tallied 25 points , seven rebounds and eight assists . Marvin Williams continued his underrated season , as he amassed 21 points , eight rebounds and three blocks . Up next for the Hornets is another favorable matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday . This ugly loss now gives Milwaukee four - straight losses and the season is now officially lost . Jabari Parker had a nice game though , as he totaled 15 points , seven rebounds and four assists . The bench was a lone bright spot in this game , as John Henson led the team with 19 points and Tyler Ennis dished out a career - high 12 assists . The Bucks do n't play again until Wednesday , when they host the Phoenix Suns in their next game .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 31 - 44 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 55 ) 105 - 94 on Wednesday night . A game between two teams officially out of playoff contention turned out to be a competitive and entertaining affair . With defense being an Achilles ' heel of both clubs , there were plenty of strong offensive performances to go around . Both the Suns and Bucks enjoyed particularly strong shooting nights , with Phoenix 's solid 45 percent success rate from the field exceeded by Milwaukee 's even stronger 48 percent figure . The pivotal factor in the loss for the Suns was the turnover battle , which they lost by a notable margin of 22 - 13 . The starting backcourt of Devin Booker and Brandon Knight was unfortunately guilty of 12 of those miscues , and Milwaukee was able to convert Phoenix 's mistakes to 27 points overall . The Suns were led by an outstanding effort from P.J. Tucker , who contributed 20 points , 10 rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Booker had a relatively quiet night on the scoreboard by his recent standards , but still totaled 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . The rookie did get in his own way plenty however , turning the ball over a game - high seven times . Alex Len followed with a remarkable double - double of his own , totaling 17 points , 15 boards , five assists and two blocks . Knight matched Len 's point total , and added two rebounds , two assists and five turnovers of his own . Tyson Chandler rounded out the starting five 's successful night with 13 points , 13 rebounds , three assists and two blocked shots . Phoenix remains in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head back home to face off against the Washington Wizards on Friday . Milwaukee was spearheaded by a resurgent effort from Khris Middleton , who managed a game - high 26 points , and added seven rebounds and an assist . It was an encouraging performance for the Bucks ' guard , considering he 'd averaged just a shade above 10 points per game over his previous trio of contests . Jabari Parker followed with a solid outing consisting of 21 points , five rebounds , three assists and four steals . Greg Monroe was next with 14 points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his recent slump , managing a modest 10 points , six assists , three rebounds and a block . John Henson and Tyler Ennis followed with a pair of 10 - point efforts . The former supplemented his scoring with five boards , two assists , a steal and four blocks , while the latter supplied four rebounds as well . The Bucks continue to reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home to face the Orlando Magic on Friday night .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 44 ) defeated the visiting Orlando Magic ( 32 - 44 ) 113 - 110 , Friday evening at BMO Harris Bradley Center . Giannis Antetokounmpo notched his fifth triple - double of the season as he led Milwaukee to its 23rd win at home . The Bucks got out to a quick start , leading by as many as 14 in the first quarter , before the Magic fought back to make it a one - point game by halftime . The Magic came out of the locker room with a strong third quarter and continued to apply pressure into the fourth , leading by six , with six minutes left in the game . However , Milwaukee did not give up , out - scoring Orlando 17 - 8 in the last six minutes , including a big post - move score by Jabari Parker that put the Bucks up by one with 10 seconds left . The loss snaps the Magic 's three - game winning streak , while the Bucks earned their second win in a row . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks in points , rebounds , assists and blocked shots ; with 18 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists , three blocked shots and two steals , in 39 minutes . Jabari Parker was a beast as he tallied 26 points ( 12 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , seven rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 41 minutes . Greg Monroe and Khris Middleton both added 18 points for the Bucks , who shot an impressive 55 percent from the field . Jared Bayless sat this one out with a hyper extended right knee . Six players scored in double digits for the Magic , as Nikola Vucevic led the way with 22 points ( 10 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , in 21 minutes off the bench . Victor Oladipo finished with 18 points , five assists , five steals , four blocks and three rebounds , while Aaron Gordon and Evan Fournier chipped in 14 points each . The Magic racked up an impressive 34 assists on 46 field goals and shot 54 percent from the field but their 20 turnovers served to neutralize those statistics , in a losing effort . Next , the Magic will host the Grizzlies on Sunday . The Bucks host the Bulls on Sunday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 39 - 38 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 45 ) 102 - 98 on Sunday . This game meant much more to the Bulls than Bucks and it was evident by the result . The second quarter is when Chicago made their mark , as they outscored Milwaukee 33 to 17 . The shooting was on point for the Bulls , as they made 53 percent of their shots and assisted on 30 of their 39 made baskets . This win brings the Bulls within two games of the eight - seed in the east , so it was obviously a crucial win . Jimmy Butler once again carried the torch , as he scored a team - high 25 points and also provided five rebounds and eight assists . Pau Gasol flirted with a triple - double , as he accumualted 16 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Nikola mirotic gave the team a nice spark off the bench with 19 points and six rebounds . Up next for Chicago is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday . Milwaukee has been dominant at home , but these meaningless games are tough to get up for . Giannis Antetokonmpo was clearly game though , as he scored a game - high 34 points , while dishing out nine assists and grabbing five boards . Jabari Parker recorded a double - double , as he amassed 24 points and 11 rebounds . On deck for Milwaukee is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 45 - 37 ) closed out their season and head into the playoffs on a high note by winning their third game in a row , as they defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks ( 33 - 49 ) on Wednesday night , 97 - 92 , at BMO Harris Bradley Center . Indiana led the whole way in this one , as the Bucks played out their final game of the season . Paul George , Monta Ellis and George Hill all sat this one out to rest leaving room for Solomon Hill to step up and lead the Pacers , with 25 points , including seven three - pointers . Hill also added six rebounds , four steals and three assists , in 33 minutes . Lavoy Allen chipped in 14 points and six rebounds , while Glenn Robinson lll finished with 14 points of his own , along with two rebounds , two assists and a steal . The Pacers shot 43 percent from the field and 46 percent from long range but gave up 17 turnovers in the game . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the high - point man for the Bucks , with 19 , along with nine rebounds , five assists and one blocked shot , in 29 minutes . Jabari Parker added 17 points , seven rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 25 minutes , while Rashad Vaughn and Damien Inglis chipped in 10 points each . With their season now over , the Bucks still have a lot to build on thanks to their impressive young stars . The Pacers will face - off against the Raptors in the first round of the Eastern Conference playoffs . The Raptors have home court advantage , as they finished second in the East .
The Chicago Bulls ( 4 - 2 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 3 - 3 ) 104 - 98 on Thursday . Derrick Rose finally put together a complete performance , and the result was an impressive victory over a dynamic and high - octane Thunder squad . Rose outplayed Russell Westbrook in what was the Bulls’ point guard’s best game of the young season by far . His team - best 29 points were also a season high , easily surpassing the 18 he tallied in the opener against the Hawks . Rose also managed to stuff the stat sheet in other categories , amassing seven assists and five rebounds while only turning the ball over once in 37 minutes . The Thunder received another outstanding effort from a rejuvenated Kevin Durant , who appears completely healthy and hitting on all cylinders offensively . The 27 - year - old posted his second - best scoring night of the season with a game - high 33 points , and was considerably aggressive with 29 shot attempts . Perhaps most encouraging was the fact that Durant showed no signs of wear on the second night of a back - to - back , and was able to spend 41 quality minutes on the floor . Serge Ibaka ( 17 points ) and Russell Westrook’s near triple - double ( 20 points , 10 assists , eight rebounds ) helped supplement Durant’s production . The Thunder dropped to 3 - 3 and are presently a half game behind first - place Portland in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division , pending the outcome of tonight’s Grizzlies-Blazers contest . Oklahoma_City heads home for a Sunday tilt with Phoenix . The Bulls backcourt was on fire Thursday , with Jimmy Butler playing Robin to Derrick Rose’s Batman . The Bulls shooting guard was right behind Rose with 26 points of his own . Although Pau Gasol was the only other starter to score in double digits ( 11 points ) , the Bulls benefited from balanced scoring contributions from their bench . Aaron Brooks and Taj Gibson paced Chicago’s reserves with nine points apiece . The Bulls improve to 4 - 2 and reside in second place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They remain home for a date with the Timberwolves on Saturday .
After four hotly contested quarters , the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 3 - 2 ) dominated overtime , defeating the Chicago Bulls ( 4 - 3 ) by a score of 102 - 93 . Young talent was the driving force for Minnesota , as sophomore Andrew Wiggins led the way with a game - high 31 points and first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns put up 17 points , 13 rebounds , and four blocks . Rookie Euroleague convert Nemenja Bjelica also impressed despite coming off the bench , playing 40 minutes and posting a double - double . The young squad played effective defense , holding the Bulls to just 36 percent shooting and forcing 18 turnovers , including a lost pass from Derrick Rose to seal the deal in overtime . While the Bulls were able to hold their own inside , backcourt struggles ultimately ended up costing them the game down the stretch . Starting guards Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler combined to go just 7 - for - 28 on the night and turned the ball over five times each . This was a stark contrast from the duo 's previous outing against OKC , in which the two combined for 53 points . Ultimately , Saturday appears to be nothing more than an off night for the Chicago backcourt , as the duo was averaging 35 points per game on 44 percent shooting between them . Minnesota , coming off a league - worst 16 wins in 2014 - 15 , advances to 3 - 2 . The team will look to extend their surprisingly strong start on Monday as they face a challenging matchup against the Eastern Conference powerhouse Hawks in Atlanta . Meanwhile , the Bulls will prepare to travel to Philadelphia on Monday to take on the 76ers .
The Chicago Bulls ( 6 - 3 ) grinded out a win on Friday night , defeating the Charlotte Hornets ( 4 - 5 ) 102 - 97 . The game was very close the whole way but Chicago took control early in the fourth quarter when they grabbed the lead and did not look back . Chicago had some good balanced scoring with five players scoring in double digits and not to mention Joakim Noah , who did not score in double digits but notched 18 rebounds , six assists , one steal and one block , in 22 minutes off the bench . Jimmy Butler led the way in scoring with 27 points on 8 - 16 shooting , along with five rebounds and four assists . Pau Gasol dominated the paint with 19 points on 7 - 13 shooting , 13 rebounds , three assists and two blocks , in 27 minutes . Derrick Rose shot poorly , going only 4 - 14 from the field , he finished with 10 points and eight assists , one steal and one block . For the Hornets , Nicolas Batum led the way with a great game . Batum scored 28 points on 10 - 17 shooting , grabbed eight rebounds , two steals and two assists , in 34 minutes . Jeremy Lamb continued his recent good play by contributing 15 points , nine rebounds and two assists in 32 minutes off the bench . Marvin Williams scored 14 points , shooting 3 - 6 from long range and also tallied five rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Kemba Walker filled the stat sheet with 13 points , nine rebounds , seven assists , three steals and two blocks in 36 minutes . Walker could have made the difference in this one for his team as he shot a sloppy 5 - 18 from the field . Next up for Chicago will be a Central Division match - up vesus the Indiana Pacers who will be visiting on Monday . The Central Division is looking pretty competitive this year and this game will be a perfect example of that . Charlotte will be hosting Portland on Sunday , in a match - up of two mid tier teams .
The Bulls ( 7 - 3 ) defeated the Pacers ( 6 - 5 ) 96 - 95 in a close game at United Center on Monday . With the game on the line and five seconds left in regulation , the Pacers looked to Paul George to lift them past the Bulls , but Jimmy Butler had different plans . Butler blocked George to seal the win for Chicago in a game that the Bulls almost gave away . Despite the final possession , George still finished with a game - high 26 points , the seventh straight game he 's scored 26 or more . It was a solid effort for the Pacers , who were playing with key guards George Hill ( illness ) and Rodney Stuckey ( ankle ) . With those two sidelined , it was up to Monta Ellis to provide secondary scoring , which he did a decent job of . Ellis finished with 20 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six assists and four rebounds over 36 minutes . He 's posted at least 20 points and five assists in back - to - back games and has played well so far in November . Center Ian Mahinmi and power forward Jordan Hill each had 12 rebounds . While the Bulls were able to escape with a victory , they did lose Derrick Rose in the process , as the all - star point guard left the game in the second half after spraining his ankle . Rose did manage to score a team - high 23 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) with six assists in 33 minutes before he rolled his ankle . Butler , the Bulls ' savior , scored just 17 points in 36 minutes and was in foul trouble trying to contain George all game . While Pau Gasol had an off night on the offensive end , he still managed to rip down 13 rebounds in his second straight game . Chicago travels to Phoenix to take on the Suns on Wednesday ; the Pacers head to Philadelphia to try and keep the 76ers winless .
The Chicago Bulls ( 10 - 5 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 14 - 4 ) Monday 92 - 89 at the United Center in Chicago . It was a methodical , balanced approach for the Bulls , as five different players scoring in double figures allowed them to keep pace with and ultimately defeat the red - hot Spurs - who had won five games in a row coming into Monday night’s matchup . Chicago was lead by Pau Gasol , who recorded a double - double of 18 points and 13 rebounds in 30 minutes . Jimmy Butler added 14 points , while Derrick Rose and Tony Snell each added 11 points . Off the bench , Joakim Noah stuffed the box score , recording eight points , 11 rebounds and a team - high seven assists in 23 minutes . For the Spurs , their stars in Kawhi Leonard and LaMarcus Aldridge played up to standard . Leonard finished with a game - high 25 points and eight rebounds , while Aldridge managed a double - double of 21 points and 12 boards . However , the rest of San_Antonio struggled , as Tony Parker ( 13 ) was the only other player to score in double figures , and the rest of the team combined to score just 30 points . Up next , Chicago will stay home to take on the Nuggets Wednesday , while the Spurs will head back home Wednesday to play the Bucks .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 11 - 8 ) won on the road Saturday , defeating the Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 6 ) by a score of 102 - 96 . The Bulls ' loss came just one night after they rose to the top of the Eastern Conference . The East remains tightly bunched , with the first and tenth seeds separated by less than three games . Despite the continued absence of big man Al Jefferson ( calf ) , the Hornets had no problem competing with Chicago 's loaded frontcourt , as forward Cody Zeller ( 17 points , eight rebounds ) and reserve center Spencer Hawes ( 14 points , seven rebounds , four assists ) both had big nights . The real star of the show , however , was small forward Nicolas Batum , who led the team in both points and rebounds , posting 24 and 11 respectively . Batum has settled nicely into a prominent role in his first year in Charlotte , averaging 17 points and 6 rebounds per game on the season , The Bulls , meanwhile , saw a disappointing loss in what has been an otherwise strong season thus far . Despite impressive efforts from the backcourt of Derrick Rose ( 19 points , seven rebounds , five assists ) and Jimmy Butler ( 25 points , eight rebounds , two steals ) , the Bulls simply could n't get it done . A large part of the team 's woes came at the free - throw line , where they shot just 68 percent on the night . Second-year forward Nikola Mirotic also struggled , shooting just 3 - for - 11 and recording only seven points . The Bulls will look for a bounceback performance as they prepare to take on the Suns on Monday . With the Eastern Conference seemingly up for grabs , Chicgo will be jocking for position with the conference 's other heavy hitters . Charlotte , meanwhile , will look to carry the momentum from beating the top seed into their next game , a visit from Andre Drummond and the Pistons on Monday .
The Suns ( 9 - 13 ) came all the way back to defeat the Bulls ( 11 - 7 ) 103 - 101 at United Center on Monday . After a Derrick Rose missed jumper , the Suns got the ball with a chance to win the game . Jon Leuer missed a 3 - pointer from the corner , but Mirza Teletovic managed to track down the rebound and hit a fadeaway putback to lift Phoenix to victory after scoring 42 points in the final frame . The Bulls will want to have this one back , as they blew a 16 - point lead heading into the fourth quarter and lost to an inferior team for the second consecutive game . The win ended a four - game losing streak for the Suns , who are an uninspiring 2 - 8 in their last 10 games . Not only did Teletovic hit the game - winner , he also matched his season high with 20 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) to go along with four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Behind him was Brandon Knight with 21 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting from the field , as well as a surprising performance from Alex Len , who started again in place of Tyson Chandler . Len scored 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) and pulled down six boards over 22 minutes . The loss for the Bulls was perhaps their worst defeat of the season as they allowed their highest 4th - quarter point total since 1997 . The defense struggled down the stretch and the offense was unable to produce anything during crunch time . Pau Gasol continues to be the one constant , scoring 22 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) with 10 rebounds ( fourth straight double - double ) and six assists . Three-point shooting killed the Bulls , as the team finished 6 - for - 21 ( 29 percent ) from distance . The bench was also ineffective , scoring a combined 23 points . The Suns head back home to take on the Magic on Wednesday ; the Bulls are back on the road and will head to Boston to face the Celtics .
The Chicago Bulls ( 12 - 8 ) resisted a late surge by the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 13 - 10 ) to hang onto a much - needed win . Chicago 's victory snapped a three - game losing streak and came on the second half of a back - to - back following the team 's loss to the Boston Celtics on Wednesday . Despite a lackluster shooting night ( 4 - 14 FGM , 0 - 2 3PM ) , Bulls star Jimmy Butler was able to control the game in other ways , distributing the ball well for eight assists and recording both two steals and two blocks . Chicago 's other reigning All-Star , Pau Gasol , matched Butler 's defensive stats while leading the way with a big 24 points on offense . Struggles continued , meanwhile , for former MVP Derrick Rose , who is continuing to put up the worst numbers of his career . The point guard scored just 11 points to go with only three rebounds and two assists . The Clippers , who had won three straight headed into their matchup against Chicago , saw questionable offensive efficiency throughout the game . The team shot just 34 percent from the field , including a dismal 2 - for - 11 night from starter J.J. Redick . On a more positive note , star power forward Blake Griffin continued his campaign to establish himself as one of the league 's premier players , scoring 18 points on solid 7 - for - 14 shooting and pulling down 11 rebounds . Griffin has been a force to be reckoned with this season , and has helped build momentum for the rising Clippers team . While Thursday 's game snapped their winning streak , the Clippers should hope to bounce back as they take on the 7 - 15 Nets in Brooklyn on Saturday . Chicago , meanwhile , will continue their homestand on Saturday , this time facing Anthony Davis and the Pelicans .
The Chicago Bulls ( 13 - 8 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 6 - 17 ) 98 - 94 in a nail - biter on Saturday . There were a ton of swings in this game and it came down to a 34 - point fourth quarter for the Bulls to runaway with a win . The statistics indicate a Pelicans victory , as they shot 45 percent to the Bulls 42 percent and outassistted Chicago 26 - 17 in the loss . The key for the Bulls was the free - throw shooting , as they went 24 - for - 29 versus the Pelicans 8 - for - 11 . The bench was huge for Chicago as well , as they outscored New_Orleans bench 52 - 31 . The Pelicans came into this game shorthanded in the second half of a back - to - back and fought hard in a tough loss . They played this game without Ryan Anderson and Jrue Holiday and that proved to be the difference , as they got very little bench production . Anthony Davis had a very good game though , as he tallied 22 points , 13 rebounds and four blocks in the loss . Tyreke Evans also continued his recent run of success , as he contributed 22 points and eight assists . The 6 - 17 record looks horrendous , but they are a much better team than that unsightly record would indicate . On deck for the Pelicans is the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . The Bulls got down by eight after the first quarter , but fought back hard to grab a win . They outscored New_Orleans 34 - 24 in the final 12 minutes and made some clutch baskets late to close it out . The bench was the key tonight though , as they had four of the five bench players reach double - digits . The frontcourt was especially good , as Pau Gasol , Joakim Noah and Nikola Mirotic combined for 38 points and 30 rebounds in the win . This was a great team - win and it 's a fantastic sign to see them win with players like Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler struggling so much . Chicago will be heavy favorites in their next game , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 14 - 8 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 25 ) by the convincing score of 115 - 96 , on Monday night in Chicago . The Bulls are now 30 , with two games to go on their current five - game home stand . Philadelphia has now lost six in a row . After a booming 37 point second quarter the 76ers had the lead 56 - 51 heading into half time . However , the Bulls responded with a 34 - 12 third quarter and crushed all chance of an upset . Jimmy Butler led Chicago in scoring , finishing with 23 points on 8 - 14 shooting from the field , along with three rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block , in 28 minutes . Tony Snell chipped in a solid double - double with 16 points and 11 rebounds , as well as one assist and two steals , in 36 minutes . Nikola Mirotic added 17 points , while Doug McDermott added 13 points and eight rebounds . Joakim Noah was electric off the bench , as usual , contributing five points , 15 rebounds , eight assists and two blocked shots , in 21 minutes . The 76ers had a strong start but unraveled after half time . Jahlil Okafor had a solid performance with 22 points on 9 - 17 shooting , eight rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 33 minutes . Robert Covington added 15 points but struggled shooting , going 3 - 11 from behind the arc . He also had six rebounds and two blocked shots . Tony Wroten was easing back into things and finished with 12 points on 4 - 11 shooting , but zero assists , in 17 minutes . The 6ers have to hope for a little more from him going forward . Nerlens Noel sat this one out due to a corneal abrasion that he suffered in the previous game . The 76ers are still winless on the road this season and therefore should be glad to be finishing up their current three - game road trip with a match in Atlanta on Wednesday . Chicago will look to stay perfect on their current home stand as they host Memphis on Wednesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 8 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 14 - 13 ) by a score of 98 - 85 , Wednesday night in Chicago . It was a tight game to start and the Grizzlies were up three by half time . Chicago came out strong in the second half and took over , with a 24 - 13 third quarter , followed by a 24 - 19 fourth quarter . Memphis is now 3 - 12 versus plus .500 teams , while Chicago has now won four straight . The Grizzlies continued to struggle beyond the arc , shooting a poor 5 - 19 and also could not convert from the free throw line in this game , going 16 - 28 . Although his team struggled , Courtney Lee had a nice game with 18 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) , along with six assists , seven rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes . Zach Randolph came off the bench again and finished with a double - double of 10 points , 11 rebounds , along with five assists , in 29 minutes . Marc Gasol logged only eight points ( 4 - 10 FG ) but grabbed seven rebounds and dished seven assists , in 33 minutes . Chicago played an all around solid team game , with all 10 players who touched the floor contributing in a variety of ways . Jimmy Butler was the high - point man for his team , with 24 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , four assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block , in a long 38 minutes . Derrick Rose had a good game and finished with 19 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) , five assists , two rebounds and a steal , in 33 minutes . Pau Gasol won the match - up against his brother , as he finished with 10 points , 14 rebounds , two assists and two blocks , in 33 minutes . Doug McDermott was one away from his career - high , as he finished with 17 points off the bench . The Bulls will close out their current five - game home stand with a game versus Detroit Pistons on Friday . The Grizzlies will be in Dallas on Friday .
In the longest and highest - scoring game of the 2015 - 16 season , the Detroit Pistons ( 16 - 12 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 9 ) by a score of 147 - 144 . The game saw six players crack 50 minutes played , and featured five scoring performances of 30 or more points . Andre Drummond continued his absolutely monstrous season , logging 54 minutes played and recording 33 points and a game - high 21 rebounds . The 22 - year - old center came into the game leading the league with an astonishing 16 rebounds per game , a figure only solidified by tonight 's dominant performance . Potential All-Star Reggie Jackson was also vital to the Pistons ' win , as he posted 31 points and 13 assists . The win puts Detroit at 20 on the season against their division rival Bulls . The Bulls , meanwhile , were led in both points and minutes by workhorse wing Jimmy Butler . The reigning All-Star recorded a whopping 43 points while logging an impressive 56 minutes . Big man Pau Gasol did his best to match the efforts of Andre Drummond , posting 30 points , 15 rebounds , and five blocks . The Bulls were able to match the Pistons blow for blow ; however , in the end , someone had to come out on top . The Pistons will enjoy a weekend of rest following the excruciating 68 - minute game . Their next matchup will be against the Heat on Tuesday . On the other hand , the Bulls will be forced to travel to New York for the second half of a back - to - back on Saturday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 19 - 12 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 15 - 19 ) 108 - 81 on Friday night . The Knicks rolled over the Bulls in their most recent matchup , but Chicago was having none of that here . They started off the game on a 23 - 6 run and ended it with a 31 - 8 fourth quarter . It actually got down to a two - point game in the third , but Chicago dominated in the fourth quarter for a runaway result . In fact , they outscored the Knicks 65 - 26 in the first and fourth quarters . The Bulls were scorching from long distance as well , as they went 10 - for - 16 in the win . The Knicks have lost four of their last five coming into this game and things just keep rolling downhill . They did a good job of competing , but they simply allowed the Bulls to go on too many lopsided runs . In fact , they allowed Chicago to start off three quarters in this game on a 60 run or larger . Carmelo Anthony was the teams best player , as he scored a team - high 20 points to go along with seven boards . Jose Calderon also had a nice game , as he tallied 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . Kristaps Porzingis shot continued to struggle here , as he went just 4 - for - 14 for just nine points in the loss . This once promising Knicks team is regressing hard right now and it may be tough for them to make the playoffs if they continue to play like this . New_York will look to bounce - back on Sunday when they host the Atlanta Hawks . Chicago played this game without Derrick Rose and played well once again . This team is so used to playing without their star point guard that they don’t miss a beat when he does miss time . Jimmy Butler stepped up in his absence , as he tallied 23 points , six assists and four rebounds in the win . Bobby Portis continues to breakout as well , as he dropped 16 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Nikola Mirotic has been struggling recently , but he had one of his best games of the season here , amassing 17 points , seven assists , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the victory . The depth of this team is simply amazing and they should be fine even with the injury bug biting them hard . Chicago will take on the Toronto Raptors in their next game on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards ( 17 - 19 ) defeated the host Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 14 ) 114 - 100 at United Center on Monday night . This was a huge win for Washington who is desperately trying to stay relevant in the East . The Wizards came into this game having lost five of their last seven games but they did not play like a team in a rut , in fact they played a stunning team game . The Wizards logged an amazing 31 assists on 48 made field goals and shot 48 percent from the field . On the contrary , the Bulls had won six of their previous seven games but ended up falling apart in this one . In comparison to Washington 's 31 assists , Chicago only had 18 . They also attempted 18 less field goals ; 81 attempts versus Washington 's 99 . There was some good news for the Bulls on Monday night as they saw the return of Joakim Noah . Chicago went 7 - 2 without Noah , who missed nine games with a shoulder injury . He entered the game with about four minutes to go in the first quarter and went 0 - 7 from the field , but logged nine rebounds , four assists and one steal in 18 minutes . Derrick Rose finished with 23 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) but only had one assist and four turnovers , in 31 minutes . Jimmy Butler dropped 19 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) , along with seven assists , four rebounds and three steals , in 38 minutes . Pau Gasol had a nice double - double with 15 points and 10 rebounds , in 28 minutes . Despite missing two of their top players Marcin Gortat ( knee ) and Bradley Beal ( leg ) , Washington had seven players score in double digits and played a fantastic team game . John Wall was the maestro as he finished with 17 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , 10 assists , five rebounds , three steals and one blocked shot , in 34 minutes . Drew Gooden was huge off the bench as he pulled down seven offensive rebounds . Gooden finished with 10 points , 12 rebounds and three assists , in 26 minutes . Otto Porter Jr. chipped in 14 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 31 minutes . The Wizards will have a good chance to gain more ground in the East as they host the Bucks , who will be on the second night of a back - to - back , on Wednesday . The Bulls will be facing the second night of a back - to - back when they visit Milwaukee on Tuesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 23 - 18 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 23 - 16 ) 83 - 77 on Friday . The effects of four games in five nights finally started to show on the Bulls in the second half . The home team did start off impressively well , with Pau Gasol and Derrick Rose bringing some fresher legs to the contest after having sat out the Thursday night tilt against the Sixers . They jumped out to a 46 - 36 lead by halftime , but it was a different story after intermission . An exhausted Chicago squad could only manage 31 total points in the second half , and two double - digit scorers over the entire game . Jimmy Butler , fresh off a jaw - dropping 53 - point performance versus the Sixers , posted a paltry four points , five rebounds , six assists and a pair of steals over 36 minutes . The Mavericks were led by Dirk Nowitzki 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds and a block . Deron Williams provided excellent support with 18 points , six assists and three rebounds . Zaza Pachulia posted a solid nine points and 10 rebounds , his fourth straight game with double - digit boards and seventh in his last eight contests . J.J. Barea led the Mavericks ' bench with nine points , three assists and a pair of rebounds over an efficient 20 minutes . Dallas improved to 23 - 18 and remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They take on the first - place Spurs in San Antonio on Sunday . Chicago was unsurprisingly led by their two most rested starters . Rose posted a team - high 18 points , and complemented it with four rebounds , a pair of assists and a pair of steals , while Gasol was able to tally 17 points , eight rebounds , four assists and a steal . Taj Gibson turned in a typically solid performance with nine points and 11 rebounds , his second consecutive game with double - digit boards . Etwaun Moore paced the reserves with eight points , three rebounds and an assist . The Bulls fell to 23 - 16 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Monday afternoon .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 39 - 4 ) routed the Chicago Bulls ( 24 - 17 ) on Wednesday night at United Center , 125 - 94 . The Warriors jumped out to a 34 - 18 lead in the first quarter , including a 21 - 6 run in the final 6:11 of the period . The Bulls were never able to mount a comeback , as the Warriors ' lead remained in double - digits for the final three quarters . Steph Curry had a rare pedestrian shooting night , as he finished 8 - 18 and 3 - 9 from three - point range , but he nearly recorded a triple - double , as he finished with 25 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds . Klay Thompson chipped in 20 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 3 - 8 3PT ) and Harrison Barnes added 19 on a crisp shooting night ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3PT ) . Golden_State poured in 12 three - pointers as a team on 32 attempts ( 38 percent ) as the Bulls could n't run the Warriors off the line . Derrick Rose had one of his most explosive games of the season , as he scored 29 on a sharp 12 - 22 shooting night . Jimmy Butler added 23 ( 7 - 16 FG , 9 - 12 FT ) and Bobby Portis scored 16 and grabbed eight rebounds in just 24 minutes off the bench . The Bulls got nothing from their starting big men , however , as Pau Gasol managed just one point ( 0 - 8 FG ) and Taj Gibson scored just four ( 2 - 6 FG ) . The Warriors will return home from a three - game road trip to host the Pacers on Friday night . The Bulls will head on the road for a Friday contest in Boston .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 24 ) took down the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 25 ) Wednesday night at the United Center , 113 - 90 . The shorthanded Bulls , already playing without Jimmy Butler , lost Taj Gibson to a foot injury in the second half . The lack of depth ccaught up with them , as the Hawks increased their lead from three points at half time to 16 points heading into the fourth quarter behind an explosive 38 - point third period . The Bulls never got it within double - digits in the final quarter . Dennis Schroder came off the bench to score 18 points ( 6 - 10 ) to lead the Hawks despite playing just 18 minutes . Jeff Teague 's 17 points led starters and he added eight assists , five rebounds and three steals . It was a team effort , as the Hawks recorded a brilliant 25 - to - 12 assist - to - turnover ratio as a team and nailed 13 of their 33 three - point shots ( 39 percent ) . Bulls center Pau Gasol led all scorers with 20 points ( 9 - 16 FG ) and added 10 rebounds and five assists . Derrick rose scored 14 but struggled from the field ( 6 - 18 FG ) . Doug McDermott was a bright spot , as he came off the bench to score 17 points ( 6 - 12 FG ) . The Bulls offense was clunky , as they shot just 44 percent from the field and turned it over 18 times . The Hawks return home next Friday after the break to matchup against the Heat . The Bulls begin their second half next Thursday in Cleveland .
The Chicago Bulls ( 29 - 26 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 46 ) 126 - 115 at United Center on Sunday . Chicago entered the game riddled with injuries to two of their key players , Jimmy Butler ( knee ) and Nikola MIrotic ( appendectomy ) , and will remain without them for another 2 - 3 weeks . While the Bulls are a different team without Butler and Mirotic , they continue to run a similar offense , one that was able to handle one of the league 's worst teams in the Lakers . It was a nostalgic night for Kobe Bryant , as this marked his last game in Chicago , one that brought up multiple montages of the Michael Jordan-Kobe Bryant days . The Lakers hung with the Bulls in the first half , playing competitively and physically behind Julius Randle , who strung together another strong performance to the tune of 22 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Randle is averaging a double - double on the season now , and entered the game with just over 10 rebounds a game , but it was his shooting percentage that needed work , and he showed promise for the second half of the season after a tough matchup with Pau Gasol and Taj Gibson throughout the game . The Lakers put together a 18 - 4 scoring run midway through the fourth quarter , which pulled the game within five points , but Derrick Rose drained multiple clutch shots down the stretch which kept the Lakers out of reach . D’Angelo Russell got the start in favor of Lou Williams , a decision that we do not know is permanent yet , but it was Randle’s first start since December 12 . The rookie point guard totaled 15 points and six assists in 34 minutes , while Williams pitched in 11 points off the bench . Bryant scored 22 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting in his farewell game to Chicago . The Bulls combination of Derrick Rose , E'Twaun Moore and Pau Gasol was nearly unstoppable , as each player exploded for a 20 - plus point performance . The third quarter exploited the Lakers defensive issues , where Chicago extended a small halftime lead to 15 points by the end of that quarter . Rose and Moore both finished with 24 points , and the backcourt shot a combined 18 - of - 29 from the field . Gasol added 21 points , seven rebounds and five assists to round out the box score , and pitched in a needed midrange bucket within two minutes of regulation . The Bulls bench was lead by Bobby Portis and Doug McDermott , who combined for 35 points , as both exceeded 20 minutes of playing time . The Lakers will visit the Milwaukee Bucks ( 23 - 33 ) for a second game of a back - to - back on Monday , while the Bulls host the Washington Wizards ( 25 - 29 ) on Wednesday .
The shorthanded Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 26 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 26 - 30 ) 109 - 104 on Wednesday . Chicago had to play this game without three of their top - four scorers and still prevailed with an impressive team - win . The Bulls shot 50 percent from the field in the victory , while holding the Wizards to just 42 percent on their end . The rebounding was key , as Chicago snatched down 50 rebounds to the Wizards 42 . In a game where Washington was a small favorite , they simply didn’t do enough to win . The top - three scorers on the team were an unusual bunch , with two of them coming off the bench . Bradley Beal led the team with 19 points and Ramon Sessions played well off the bench as well , providing 16 points of his own . Garrett Temple also had a nice game , as he hit four three - pointer en route to an 18 - point outing . Up next for the Wizards is a much needed matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday . The Bulls played this game without Derrick Rose , Jimmy Butler , Nikola Mirotic and Joakim Noah and showed some serious resiliency in a great win . The big men were especially good , as Taj Gibson and Pau Gasol both flirted with triple - doubles . In fact , the two combined for 27 points , 22 rebounds , and 16 assists in the win . Seven Chicago players scored in double figures with E'Twaun Moore and Gibson tying the team lead with 17 points . On deck for Chicago is a game against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 31 - 28 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 28 ) 103 - 95 on Saturday . Portland was able to secure a win for the 16th time in the last 20 games on the strength of a typically stellar effort from offensive linchpin Damian Lillard , along with strong performances from two of their best bench players . After a dead - even first period , Portland forged ahead in the second quarter to build a 10 - point lead by halftime . Both teams played relatively mistake - free basketball , with only 19 turnovers between them , but the Trail_Blazers managed to stay a step ahead of the Bulls on the night to secure the relatively comfortable victory . Lillard 's 31 points paced Portland , and he added four rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee was next with a near double - double , amassing 16 points , nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , including sharpshooter C.J. McCollum , who was notably limited to six points and seven assists . Gerald Henderson paced the reserves with 13 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists , while Allen Crabbe was right behind him with 11 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . The Trail_Blazers are currently in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and in possession of the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Indiana for a Sunday evening showdown with the Pacers . The Bulls were led by a remarkable triple - double from Pau Gasol , who totaled 22 points , 16 rebounds and 14 assists . E'twaun Moore bounced back from a lackluster effort on Friday to produce 19 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Doug McDermott continued his recent stretch of impressive play with 18 points , a rebound , an assist and a steal in 32 minutes off the bench . Mike Dunleavy pitched in with 13 points , five rebounds and five assists . Chicago remains in third place in the Eatern Conference 's Central Division and has vaulted into the eighth seed in the conference as well . They head to Miami to face the Heat on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 32 - 30 ) earned a win over the division rival Milwaukee Bucks ( 26 - 38 ) Monday night at the United Center , 100 - 90 . Even with Jimmy Butler sitting out with knee soreness , the Bulls had more than enough to dispatch Milwaukee . Other than a two - minute stretch in the first quarter , Chicago held the lead for the entire game . They never managed to pull away , and the Bucks kept it within single digits throughout the fourth quarter and even pulled within two points three separate times . But the Bulls sunk two three - pointers and shot 8 - 9 from the free throw line over the game’s final four minutes and did enough to hold off the Bucks . The Bulls were powered by a Pau Gasol triple - double , as the center scored 12 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , grabbed 17 rebounds and dished 13 assists , with five blocks thrown in for good measure . Derrick Rose led all scorers with 22 points on 9 - 16 shooting and dished seven assists . The Bulls shot a sharp 50 percent from the field and 10 - 25 ( 40 percent ) from three - point range . Jerryd Bayless came off the bench to score 20 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 5 - 8 3PT ) to lead the Bucks . Jabari Parker added 18 points ( 7 - 17 FG ) and 11 rebounds , and Giannis Antetokounmpo joined the double - double party with 12 points and 10 assists . The Bucks had 11 shots blocked and managed to shoot just 40 percent from two - point range , as they just couldn’t get enough going inside to challenge Chicago . The Bulls head on the road Thursday against San Antonio . The Bucks return home Wednesday to host the Heat .
The Miami Heat ( 38 - 27 ) manhandled the Chicago Bulls ( 32 - 32 ) on Friday night , 118 - 96 . The Heat lead the Southeast Division by two games and now sit just one game shy of the third seed in the Eastern Conference . With All-Star Chris Bosh sidelined with blood clots and star Dwyane Wade going just 3 - for - 15 from the field , production came from unexpected places for Miami on Friday . Point guard Goran Dragic led the team with 26 , narrowly trailed by bench veteran Jason Richardson 's 22 . Richardson clocked 31 minutes and shot 9 - for - 12 , including four big three - pointers to help establish and maintain Miami 's massive lead . Center Hassan Whiteside also came off the bench , recording 16 rebounds and three blocks in the type of performance that fans have begun to expect from him . Whiteside recently became just the fourth player since 1970 to record 10 straight games of 10 or more rebounds off the bench . The Bulls remain at ninth in the Eastern Conference with the loss , a position that they may be stuck in if All-Star Jimmy Butler continues to miss time with a knee injury . The ailing Bulls have faced major issues with injuries all season , and have fallen cleanly out of the current playoff picture during Butler 's absence . Center Pau Gasol has sought to fill the absence , as he neared a triple - double on Friday with 17 points , 12 rebounds , and nine assists . Despite Gasol 's offensive craftmanship , the team struggled mightily defensively , forcing just eight turnovers and allowing Miami to capitalize on 52 percent of its shots . The Heat are in line to visit the red - hot Raptors on Sunday , while the Bulls will next take the court in Toronto on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 34 - 33 ) defeated the visiting Brooklyn Nets ( 19 - 49 ) 118 - 102 , Thursday evening at United Center . Chicago got out to a great start , with a 55 - 37 first half but Brooklyn came out and scored as many points as they did in the entire first half , in the third quarter alone , bringing it to a five - point game heading into the fourth . However , Doug McDermott and the Bulls had the answer in the fourth as they out - scored the Nets 39 - 28 . McDermott scored 10 of his 25 points in the final quarter , as he notched his third straight game with more than 20 points . This was a big win for the Bulls as they are bunched up with the Pistons and the Wizards in the battle for eighth in the East . Chicago has now won seven of their last nine home games , while the Nets have lost four - straight on the road . In the absence of Pau Gasol ( knee ) , Chicago 's bench accounted for an impressive 60 points . Doug McDermott led the way with 25 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with three rebounds and one assist , in 28 minutes off the bench . Jimmy Butler had a strong outing , with 22 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 8 FT ) , seven assists , three rebounds and one steal , in 32 minutes , while Bobby Portis logged a double - double with 12 points and 14 rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Bulls shot 49 percent form the field , 46 percent from long range and an impressive 15 - 15 from the free throw line . Bojan Bogdanovic followed up his career - high 44 - point performance with another strong game , this time finishing with a team - high 26 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with five assists , three rebounds and one steal , in 29 minutes . Thaddeus Young tallied a double - double with 16 points and 14 rebounds , along with two steals , two blocked shots and one assist , in 31 minutes . The Nets struggled shooting from deep , going 6 - 21 , but shot a decent 47 percent from the field overall . Next , the Nets will head to Detroit to face off against the Pistons on Saturday . The Bulls will look to keep their playoff hopes alive as they host the Jazz on Saturday , in what will be the second of a four - game home stand .
The Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 33 ) defeated the visiting Sacramento Kings ( 27 - 43 ) 109 - 102 , Monday evening at United Center . After a back - and - forth start the Bulls amassed a 10 - point lead early in the third , but the Kings responded by outscoring Chicago 38 - 25 , to gain their first lead with 8:40 left in the final quarter . The Bulls would not fold and kept pressing in order to grind out the victory at home , where they are now 24 - 12 this season . This marks the Bulls ' third win in a row , a trend they will need to continue due to the close race for the bottom few spots in the East . Meanwhile , the Kings fall to 2 - 8 in their last 10 games and have almost no chance of making a push for eighth . Chicago used a balanced team effort to come out victorious . They totaled 28 assists on 41 field goals , with five players scoring in double figures . The Bulls limited themselves to nine turnovers and forced a whopping 20 turnovers by Sacramento . Taj Gibson and Derrick Rose both tallied 18 points , while Pau Gasol added 11 points , 14 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Jimmy Butler was also very impactful with 11 points , eight assists , five steals and three rebounds . Ten players logged at least 15 minutes for Chicago , while E'Twaun Moore sat out with a sore hamstring . The Kings also had five players score in double figures and utilized their bench , with 10 players logging at least 10 minutes . Willie Cauley-Stein played only five minutes after being questionable to play due to illness . DeMarcus Cousins put up solid numbers with 19 points and 18 rebounds , but gave up eight turnovers . Darren Collison chipped in 19 points as well , while Rudy Gay added 18 . The Kings struggled from deep , despite Gay who shot 3 - 4 and Collison 4 - 5 , the rest of the team was 2 - 20 from downtown . Next , the Kings will head to Minnesota , where they will wrap - up their current four - game road trip , on Wednesday . The Bulls will finish up a four - game home stand when they play the Knicks on Wednesday .
The New_York Knicks ( 29 - 43 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 34 ) 115 - 107 on Wednesday . The Knicks had a 22 - point lead with less than nine minutes left , but barely held off the Bulls for a big road win . It was the second and third quarters where the Knicks really won the game , as they outscored he Bulls 69 - 43 in that 24 - minute stretch . New_York dominated the rebounding as well , as they snatched down 53 rebounds to Chicago 's 34 . The Knicks also shot over 50 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range in their win . The Knicks have been terrible in the second half , but they can still play spoiler to teams fighting for playoff positioning . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis was the player of the game , as he tallied 29 points and 10 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony also played well , as he amassed 23 points , three rebounds and five assists . Arron Afflalo flirted with a triple - double off the bench , as he finished with 12 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . New_York will have a rematch against the Bulls on Thursday in their next game . This was a much bigger loss for Chicago than a win for New_York , as it bumped the Bulls to ninth in the east . Nikola Mirotic was amazing though , as he scored a career - high 35 points off the bench while hitting nine three - pointers . Derrick Rose was the only other Bulls player with more than 10 points , as he accumulated 21 points , three rebounds and four assists in the defeat . The Bulls will look to exact revenge on Thursday in a rematch with the Knicks for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 45 - 30 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 37 ) 102 - 100 on Monday . The game was an entertaining back - and - forth affair , with both teams playing at superior levels at different points throughout the contest . Chicago looked prepared to dominate in the first 12 minutes , jumping out to a 31 - 22 lead after the first quarter . However , the Hawks came back with a vengeance in the second , more than doubling up their hosts , 30 - 14 . The big period served them well in the second half , as they were able to withstand some solid play by the Bulls in the third and fourth quarters to hold on for an important road victory . The final score made things look a bit closer than they were , as Derrick Rose drained a rather meaningless three - pointer at the buzzer with Atlanta up by five . It was a particularly tough defeat for Chicago , considering their fight to remain relevant in the Eastern Conference playoff picture , and the fact that they outperformed the Hawks from three - point range ( 41 percent to 23 percent ) and outrebounded them , 58 - 47 . Atlanta was led by a remarkable effort from Jeff Teague , who totaled 26 points , six rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Al Horford followed with a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a block . Kyle Korver contributed 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , a block and a steal . Paul Millsap pitched in with 11 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , a steal and six blocks . It was notably his third straight game with multiple rejections . Dennis Schroder paced the reserves with 14 points , a rebound and an assist . The Hawks remain in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the third seed in the conference as well . They head north of the border to take on the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday night . Rose paced the Bulls ' attack with 20 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . Pau Gasol was right behind him with 19 points , 11 rebounds , five assists and a steal . Jimmy Butler followed with 15 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Aaron Brooks paced the reserves with 16 points , six assists , four rebounds and a steal . The Bulls are in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and 3 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Tuesday night .
The Detroit Pistons ( 41 - 36 ) defeated the host Chicago Bulls ( 38 - 38 ) 94 - 90 , Saturday night at United Center . Jimmy Butler 's first career triple - double was not enough to salvage a win for the Chicago Bulls as they succumbed to the visiting Detroit Pistons . This was a significant game for both teams but the Bulls especially , as a win could have brought them within half a game , or even a tie for the last playoff spot . However , the Pistons did a great job to bounce back from a tough loss at home to the Mavericks on Friday , as they were relentless down the stretch to come out on top . Detroit remains in seventh place in the East , half a game ahead of Indiana and 3 games ahead of ninth place Chicago . The Bulls have six games remaining , while the Pistons have five , as the battle for the last three spots in the East remains a close one . Reggie Jackson hit four clutch free throws in the last 20 seconds to help secure the win for the Pistons . Jackson totaled 22 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) , four rebounds , four assists and one steal but also gave up six turnovers , in 35 minutes of action . Tobias Harris chipped in 21 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and one blocked shot , in 38 minutes ; while Andre Drummond recorded his 64th double - double of the season , with 11 points and 11 rebounds , along with four assists and two steals , in 28 minutes . The Pistons shot 42 percent from the field , including 50 percent from long range en route to the win . Jimmy Butler did it all for Chicago , as he tallied 28 points ( 10 - 25 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , 17 rebounds , 12 assists , three steals and two blocked shots , in 39 minutes . Butler 's first career triple - double was not enough as only two other Bulls players scored in double digits , while the team shot 37 percent from the field . Pau Gasol added 16 points , 14 rebounds , four blocked shots and three steals , in 34 minutes , while Aaron Brooks tallied 14 points in 16 minutes off the bench . Derrick Rose ( elbow ) and Taj Gibson ( ribs ) were both absent from the contest . The Bulls will look to get right back on track as they play in Milwaukee on Sunday . The Pistons will have a few days off before they face the Heat in Miami on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 40 - 40 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 56 - 24 ) 105 - 102 on Saturday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a different result , but the Bulls played with some serious desperation . The big difference in the game were the benches , as Chicago got 44 points from their bench , while the Cavaliers got just 11 bench points . The free - throw shooting was a big differ as well , with Chicago going 17 - for - 21 and Cleveland going just 11 - for - 18 . This win could have guaranteed the Cavaliers with the one - seed in the east , but they simply weren’t motivated enough to win this game . LeBron James was though , as he tallied 33 points and seven rebounds in the loss . Kevin Love recorded another double - double in a 20 - point , 13 - rebound outing . J.R. Smith provided 24 points , six rebounds and four assists of his own . On deck for Cleveland is a matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Monday . Chicago 's playoff hopes are slim , but this kept them alive for another day . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he amassed 21 points , six assists and three steals in the win . Cristiano Felicio was a huge surprise off the bench , as he scored 16 points and grabbed five rebounds . Pau Gasol scored 11 points of his own and grabbed 12 rebounds in yet another double - double . Up next for the Bulls is a matchup with the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday .
LeBron James scored 29 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 2 - 1 ) to a 102 - 92 victory over his former team , the Miami Heat ( 1 - 1 ) , on Friday night . James was firing on all cylinders from the get go , finishing with 10 points in the first quarter and reaching 18 by halftime while shooting 8 - for - 12 from the field during that span . He would finish the night with an efficient 13 - for - 19 shooting mark In addition , the Cavaliers received the best performance of the young season so far from Kevin Love , who tallied 24 points , 14 boards , and five assists . Love and James represented the bulk of the offense for the Cavs in this one , as no other player in the starting lineup had more than nine points . Fortunately for Cleveland , Tristan Thompson was able to provide some complementary scoring off the bench , picking up 13 points on 6 - for - 9 shooting to go along with nine boards . Reserve guard Matthew Dellavedova handed out a team - leading 10 assists and grabbed five boards . On the other side , James’ former compatriots of Miami’s “Big Three” - - Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh - - also turned in excellent outings . Wade contributed 25 points , four boards , and two assists , while Bosh churned out 16 points on 7 - for - 15 shooting . The lack of bench contributions ultimately spelled the difference , as the Heat only had 19 points from their reserves compared to the Cavs’ 32 . The Heat will return home Sunday to play their next game against the Houston Rockets . Cleveland , meanwhile will head to Philadelphia for a tilt with the 76ers on Monday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 4 - 1 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 2 - 3 ) by a score of 96 - 86 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena . After taking a 32 - 18 lead after the first quarter , the Knicks were unable to deal with the Cavaliers ' defense and caved in during the second half . LeBron James did an excellent job containing Carmelo Anthony , who finished with just 17 points on 6 - of - 18 shooting from the field . James registered 23 points ( 9 - 23 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) , while adding five rebounds , four steals , and three assists in 35 minutes . The two superstars are now tied in their careers against each other with 12 wins apiece . The Knicks rolled with a 12 - man rotation Wednesday , and it did n't help them find much offense in a dismal second half . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis was New_York 's second - leading scorer with 13 points , which just was n't enough secondary scoring to keep up with the Cavaliers . Langston Galloway had 12 points in 29 minutes off the bench , but the Knicks ' backcourt contingent left a lot to be desired . The Cavs were a tough frontcourt matchup for Robin Lopez and company , so expect them to bounce back Friday against the Bucks . With J.R. Smith ( knee ) sidelined for the second consecutive game , the Cavaliers did n't miss a beat , getting another big performance from Mo Williams . The veteran guard poured in 22 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , and four assists in 36 minutes . Williams has really stepped up for the Cavs with Kyrie Irving out . Cleveland really showed why they are a championship contender by suffocating the Knicks on defense , but they had a very off night shooting the ball , finishing 33 - for - 83 from the field ( 40 percent ) . The Cavaliers host the Sixers on Friday after defeating them 107 - 100 earlier in the week .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 7 - 1 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 4 - 3 ) 118 - 114 on Tuesday night . In a battle of two of the best defenses in the NBA , offense was at full force . Both teams shot right around 50 percent from the field and the Jazz failed to record a block for the first time all year . Utah did out - rebound and out - assist the Cavs while tallying 50 points in the paint , but that simply wasn’t enough to escape with a victory . The Jazz put together quite the game on Tuesday , but fell just short in the waning seconds . They had six players who scored at least 15 points , but nobody who scored more than 24 . Utah was led by Derrick Favors , who totaled 17 points , nine rebounds , four assists and two steals in the loss . He did however miss two crucial free - throws in the final 30 seconds that very well may have cost the Jazz a chance to win the game . Utah also got 24 points off the bench from Alec Burks , who is slowly making an early season run for sixth man of the year . In any case , this is a quality performance against some of the best competition in the league . The Jazz will take on the Chicago Bulls in their next game on Thursday in a battle of two of the best frontcourts in the NBA . LeBron James was his typical self here , as he carried the load late to secure a victory for the Cavaliers . The former MVP tallied 31 points , eight assists and seven rebounds in the victory . The Cavs also got a great performance from Mo Williams who continues to fill - in admirably for the inured Kyrie Irving . He totaled 29 points , six rebounds and six assists in the win . J.R. Smith also made his return from a knee injury in this matchup and amassed seven points and three assists in 22 minutes of action . Cleveland 's next match will come on Friday against the New York Knicks in a game where they 'll surely be favored .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 9 - 3 ) beat the Milwaukee Bucks ( 5 - 7 ) 115 - 100 on Thursday . After a grueling 108 - 105 double overtime loss to the Bucks last Saturday in Milwaukee , Cleveland unleashed an offensive barrage Thursday while also dominating on the glass . The Cavs put up a robust 24 shots from beyond the arc , draining 11 of them . They also shot a superb 56 percent from the field overall while nearly doubling up the Bucks on rebounds , 43 to 22 . After building a dominating 63 - 48 halftime lead , the Cavs withstood a particularly strong third period from the Bucks and pulled away late to seal the victory . Milwaukee 's Giannis Antetotkoumpo is apparently one of the few players in the NBA who does n't necessarily mind a dose of LeBron James defense . The Greek Freak had posted a 16 - point , 12 - rebound double - double in last Saturday 's double - overtime showdown , and poured in a season - high 33 points on eye - popping 80 percent shooting from the field ( 12 - for - 15 ) Thursday . The Bucks also received double - digit performances from all but one of the rest of their starting five , as point guard Michael Carter-Williams finished with a nine - point tally on the night . Jabari Parker had a solid return from a foot injury with 14 points , three rebounds , and an assist , while Greg Monroe ( 17 points ) and Khris Middleton ( 15 points ) made significant contributions of their own . The Bucks fell to 5 - 7 and now reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Indiana for a matchup versus the Pacers on Saturday . LeBron James and Kevin Love , as they have on several occasions already this season , led the way for the Cavs . James stuffed the stat sheet with 27 points , nine rebounds , and six assists , while Love enjoyed his matchup versus the Bucks ' worst - ranked defense in points surrendered to power forwards , posting a huge double - double . Love amassed 24 points , hauled in 15 boards , and collected an assist , a steal , and a block . J.R. Smith managed a season - high 18 points , while Matthew Delladedova filled in admirably for late scratch Mo Williams ( leg ) by pitching in 13 assists to go along with seven points . Tristan Thompson paced the Cleveland bench with an efficient double - double of his own in 26 minutes , pouring in 12 points and collecting 11 rebounds . The Cavs improved to 9 - 3 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home for a showdown on Saturday night versus the Hawks .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 10 - 3 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 9 - 6 ) 109 - 97 on Saturday . In a rematch of the Eastern Conference Finals from last season , the Cavaliers showed once again who 's boss . Cleveland took a 15 - point lead at half and never looked back . The defense was the key for the Cavs on Saturday , as they held Atlanta to 37 percent shooting and outrebounded them 51 - 38 . LeBron James , Tristan Thompson and Kevin Love all recorded double - digit rebounds against one of the worst rebounding teams in the league . The Hawks had a very frustrating game on Saturday , as Coach Mike Budenholzer was tossed in the third quarter . The ejection was a bit innocuous , but his frustration clearly boiled over . No Atlanta player scored more than 14 points in the loss and no one could fine their stroke against this vaunted Cleveland defense . The Hawks were led by another strong outing from Paul Millsap , who collected 14 points , 12 rebounds , five assists , four steals and two blocks in the defeat . Millsap is proving to be one of the best stat - stuffers in the NBA right now and arguably one of the best power forwards in the association . Jeff Teague did return for this game , but came off the bench to ease him in from his ankle injury . The Hawks will look to play better om Tuesday when they host the surging Boston Celtics . Cleveland played their first game without center Timofey Mozgov and they didn’t miss a beat . Tristan Thompson filled - in for him and had a spectacular game , tallying nine points , 16 rebounds and five assists in the win . There wasn’t much bench depth for the Cavs in this game , but all four players who played at least two minutes off the bench scored at least six points . LeBron James didn’t have great numbers at the half , but he finished strong by totaling 19 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists in the victory . Kevin Love also provided 25 points and 11 rebounds in what 's proving to be a bounce - back season for the All-Star . This defense has been truly impressive this season for Cleveland and that was exemplified on Saturday against a potent Hawks offense . The Cavaliers will look to continue their wining ways against the Orlando Magic on Monday .
The Cavaliers ( 11 - 3 ) defeated the Magic ( 6 - 8 ) 117 - 103 at Quicken Loans Arena on Monday for their third straight victory . Orlando was able to stay in the game through the first half , but Cleveland jumped out to a commanding 16 - point lead after outscoring the Magic 33 - 21 in the third quarter . Kevin Love had another solid game , draining six 3 - pointers and finishing with a game - high 34 points . The Cavaliers had perhaps their best shooting performance of the season , hitting 51 percent of their attempts from downtown ( 18 - of - 35 ) . It 's been an up - and - down season for Magic point guard Elfrid Payton , who went 0 - for - 7 from the field and finished with zero points in 19 minutes . With Payton the bench for most of the game , Shabazz Napier posted a season - high nine assists with 11 points over 29 minutes . The silver lining for Orlando was the play of power forward Andrew Nicholson , who scored a season - high 18 points off the bench . The Magic rotation has been very unpredictable lately with so many starters struggling , so that will likely mean more opportunities for guys like Napier and Nicholson moving forward . With the win , Cleveland kept it 's undefeated record at home in tact . In his second straight start in place of the injured Timofey Mozgov , Tristan Thompson registered a game - high 14 rebounds and came a point shy of a double - double for another night in a row . J.R. Smith continues to improve in each game and turned in a season - high 26 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 6 - 10 3Pt ) . LeBron James took a night off from scoring and decided to distribute a bit more , dishing out 13 assists as the Cavaliers put on a passing clinic finishing with 34 dimes . The Cavaliers get a tough test on the road Wednesday against the Raptors ; the Magic get the Knicks at home .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 4 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 3 - 13 ) 90 - 88 on Saturday . LeBron James likely imagined many moments like tonight 's closing sequence on his hometown court when he opted to return to Cleveland . The perennial All-Star scored the final two of his 26 points on the night on an eight - foot jumper to break an 88 - 88 tie and send the Cavs home winners for the second consecutive night . As has become customary in Kyrie Irving 's season - long absence while recovering from knee surgery , James and Kevin Love took charge of the Cleveland offense with matching 26 - point efforts to help their team remain perfect at home . The Nets certainly gave a valiant effort and were led by their own `` Big Two '' of Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young , who both stuffed the stat sheet across virtually every category . Lopez contributed 22 points , nine rebounds , a pair of assists , a pair of blocks and a steal over 38 minutes . Meanwhile , Young managed 16 points , 12 rebounds and a steal over 36 minutes on the court , making it his fifth double - double in the last seven contests . Veteran Joe Johnson also turned in a strong bounce - back effort with 17 points , after having only managed five points in Wednesday night 's loss to the Thunder . Jarret Jack pitched in with an impressive double - double of his own , tallying 12 points and supplementing it with a season - high 14 assists . Rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson posted double - digit rebounds for the third time in four contests , hauling in 10 boards and adding six points , an assist , five steals and a block over 30 minutes . Brooklyn fell to 3 - 13 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head home to face the Detroit Pistons on Sunday . In addition to James ' and Loves ' outstanding performances , the Cavs also benefited from a 14 - point night from Mo Williams , as well as a 10 - point , 11 - rebound effort from Tristan Thompson , who 's now managed six consecutive double - doubles despite coming off the bench in a majority of those games . The remaining Cleveland starters could not muster much on the scoring end . J.R. Smith continued his recent offensive cool - down with a six - point , five - rebound performance , while Timofey Mozgov could only shoot 1 - for - 7 from the field on his way to a two - point , six - rebound outing . The Cleveland center did add a pair of assists , a pair of steals and a block . Cleveland improved to 13 - 4 and currently reside in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They next face the Wizards in a home game on Tuesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 7 - 8 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 5 ) 97 - 85 on Tuesday , handing the Cavs their first home loss of the 2015 - 16 campaign . The Wizards had been mired in an offensive slump of epic proportions recently , having scored 87 points or less over their last three games . If they were going to pull off the near - unimaginable Tuesday by upsetting the undefeated Cavs in Quicken Loans Arena , they would need a resurgent performance from their offensive linchipin , John Wall . The All-Star 's recent performances had served as a microcosm of the team 's overall offensive struggles , with Wall having tallied 20 points or less in all 11 of Washington 's November contests , and having scored in single digits twice over that span . However , the light went on for the Wizards ' point guard on Tuesday , as he exploded for a season - high 35 points and added 10 assists , four rebounds and five steals . After shooting 36 percent or worse in four of his preceding five games , the 25 - year - old enjoyed a stellar night from the field , draining 14 buckets in 24 attempts ( 58 percent ) . If Wall can begin to put together more efforts of this caliber , the Wizards have an opportunity to climb out of their early - season hole and eventually grab an Eastern Conference playoff spot . Wall 's backcourt mate Bradley Beal posted his fifth consecutive game with double - digit points to support the offensive cause , amassing 18 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Marcin Gortat pitched in with his second consecutive double - double and third in four games , totaling an impressive 15 points , 11 rebounds , four blocks and a steal versus a Cleveland defense that had come into Tuesday yielding the second - least points and the least amount of rebounds per game to opposing centers . Jared Dudley fared better in his second start at power forward , collecting 12 points , three assists and a pair of rebounds , after only totaling seven points on Saturday versus the Raptors . Otto Porter ( six points , five rebounds , two assists , one block ) was the only Washington starter in single digits , while Garrett Temple paced the reserves with seven points and five rebounds over 28 minutes . The Wizards improved to 7 - 8 but still reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home to face the Lakers on Wednesday . LeBron James unsurprisingly led the Cavs in every offensive category , but Tuesday was a night where that simply was not enough . A key factor was the lack of support from James ' season - long wing man in Kyrie Irving 's absence , Kevin Love . While James was able to put together one of his typically stellar outings ( 24 points , 13 rebounds , four assists , a block and a steal ) , Love could only muster eight points , eight rebounds and a steal over 33 minutes . The fact that the Wizards had come in to Tuesday 's game giving up the fifth - most points per game to opposing power forwards ( 22 ) made Love 's final stat line all the more disappointing . J.R. Smith ( 13 points ) and Mo Williams ( 12 points ) did their best to contribute , but Smith in particular suffered through a third consecutive sub - par shooting night ( 3 - for - 14 ) . Matthew Delladedova paced the Cavs ' bench with a 15 - point effort over 27 minutes . Cleveland fell to 13 - 5 but still retains sole possession of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to New Orleans to face the Pelicans on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 14 - 7 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 9 - 14 ) 105 - 100 on Tuesday . The Cavs entered the night trying to not only end a rare three - game losing streak , but also get back on track at home after dropping their first game in Quicken Loans Arena last Thursday versus the Wizards . Things were n't exactly looking up for the home team at the half , as Cleveland faced a 56 - 47 deficit by intermission . A resurgent and resolute Cavs squad took the floor in the third quarter however , handily outscoring the visitors 30 - 19 during the period on the back of Kevin Love 's nine points . Then it was LeBron James ' turn in the fourth quarter , during which he tallied 12 of his 33 points on the night to help Cleveland escape with the victory . Portland received typically outstanding performances from their dynamic backcourt duo of Damian Lillard ( 33 points , six rebounds , six assists ) and C.J. McCollum ( 24 points , five assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals ) . However , it was the insufficient production from their other three starters that played a crucial part in Portland coming up just short of handing Cleveland a second straight home loss . Mason Plumlee , slumping as of late , contributed a modest 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a block against the Cavs ' top - five ranked defense versus centers . Al-Farouq Aminu had one of his worst games since donning a Blazers uniform this offseason , tallying only four points , five rebounds and a block . Meanwhile , Noah Vonleh contributed next to nothing in a start at power forward , only pitching in two points and four rebounds . Allen Crabbe continued his string of solid performances from the bench , posting a fifth consecutive double - digit scoring effort to pace the Portland reserves . The third - year pro managed 14 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Trail_Blazers fell to 9 - 14 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They now head to Phoenix for a Friday matchup versus the Suns . James complemented his game - high 33 points with 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks . The perennial All-Star looked refreshed after being held out of the Cavs ' most recent contest , a road tilt versus the Heat last Saturday . Love 's aforementioned third - period tally of nine points represented half of his scoring on the night , as he totaled 18 points , along with four rebounds , four assists and four steals . Matthew Delladedova received another start in place of Mo Williams , and responded with a strong 17 - point effort . Williams was active as well , and paced the Cleveland bench with 13 points , a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists over a highly efficient 21 minutes . Cleveland improved to 14 - 7 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday .
In one of the season 's most hotly - anticipated matchups , the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 7 ) snapped the Oklahoma_City Thunder 's ( 17 - 9 ) six - game win streak . The Cavs themselves advanced to 11 - 1 at home on the season . Cleveland fans were on the edge of their seats , as the Thunder were able to pull the Cavs ' lead down to just three with a minute remaining . However , LeBron James and the Cavs did n't go down easy , as James sealed the deal with a clutch free throw to put it away . King James narrowly missed a triple - double , posting 33 points , nine rebounds , and 11 assists en route to the nationally - televised victory . However , James 's performance may be overshadowed by an accidental collision with a courtside fan which left the spectator badly injured . The win came at a vital time for Cleveland , as they are still without All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving . The 23 - year - old has yet to see the floor in the 2015 - 16 season , and although many expected the matchup against OKC to be his debut , Irving himself confirmed via twitter a day before the game that he would be out once again . For the Thunder , meanwhile , the loss comes amid a surge of momentum . OKC had the longest winning streak in the NBA as they travelled to Cleveland , and had quickly been solidifying themselves as the Western Conference 's third seed . However , with guard Anthony Morrow out due to a personal matter and sixth man Dion Waiters unable to get his shot to fall , the Thunder struggled to get their offense flowing well enough to secure the win . While Russell Westbrook , Kevin Durant , and Serge Ibaka scored 27 , 25 , and 23 respectively , no other Thunder player scored more than six points . The Thunder , equipped with two of the most talented superstars in the league , should be able to withstand a loss to the reigning Eastern Conference champions . For the Cavs , meanwhile , the lead on the Eastern Conference begins to grow , a positive sign as Kyrie Irving has yet to log a single minute . The two powerhouses each face off against their respective conference 's weakest team in their next game , with the Thunder taking on the Los Angeles Lakers and Cleveland facing the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 18 - 7 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 28 ) 108 - 86 on Sunday . The game marked the return of Kyrie Irving to the court for the first time since suffering a fractured kneecap in last season 's NBA Finals . The 23 - year - old gave Cavs fans and management plenty of reason for optimism , as he tallied 12 points , four assists , a rebound and two steals over a highly productive 17 minutes . Irving drained a pair of three - pointers as part of that effort , and looked crisp overall in his first game action . While they are sure to manage his minutes carefully in the first few games , an already formidable Cavs squad now stands to greatly benefit from the talent infusion that the All-Star point guard provides . The Sixers were led by Nerlens Noel 's 15 points , which he impressively supplemented with 12 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The power forward was the sole Philadelphia starter with double - digit scoring , as reserves T.J. McConnell and Jakarr Sampson were the only other teammates to join him in that distinction with a pair of 10 - point efforts . Rookie standout Jahlil Okafor struggled against the one of the stingiest defenses in the NBA versus opposing centers , netting only nine points and eight rebounds . Robert Covington and Isaiah Canaan each struggled through a pair of 2 for 9 shooting performances from the field , and the Sixers shot a forgettable 35 percent as a team . Philadelphia fell to 1 - 28 and sports the worst record in the NBA . They currently reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and head home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday . The comfortable lead the Cavs held in the second half allowed them the luxury of sitting LeBron James for the entire fourth quarter . He filled out the stat sheet through three periods anyhow , collecting 23 points , five rebounds , four assists , three steals and a block over just 25 minutes . Kevin Love joined Irving and James in double - digit scoring with 10 points , and the Cavs power forward added four rebounds , an assist and a steal over a scant 22 minutes . Timofey Mozgov 's eight - point , eight - rebound performance rounded out an efficient afternoon for the starters , and Matthew Delladedova was outstanding off the bench in relief of Irving with 20 points , two assists , two steals and two blocks . The Cavaliers improved to 18 - 7 and have a hold of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home to face the Knicks on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 38 - 4 ) routed the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 28 - 11 ) Wednesday night at Quicken Loans Arena , 132 - 98 . Golden_State dominated from the opening tip , as they jumped out to a 12 - 2 lead in the game 's first three minutes and enjoyed leads of 34 - 21 after the first quarter and 70 - 44 at halftime . The Warriors just could not be stopped offensively , as they shout a brilliant 54 percent from the floor , including an absurd 19 - 40 ( 48 percent ) from three . Steph Curry paced all scorers with 35 points and added seven three - pointers to increase his league - leading total to 193 for the season . Andre Iguodala came off the bench to pitch in 20 on an ultraefficient 7 - 8 shooting , and Draymond Green notched 16 points and 10 assists and finished just three rebounds away from a triple - double . LeBron James led the Cavaliers with just 16 points on a lukewarm 7 - 16 shooting night , and he added five assists and five rebounds for one of his quieter games this season . J.R. Smith chipped in 14 on 6 - 9 shooting , and Matthew Dellavedova led Cavaliers reserves with 11 points and six assists . It was a mediocre shooting night for Cleveland ( 48 percent from the floor , 37 percent from three ) , nowhere near enough to keep pace with Golden_State 's perpetual motion machine of an offense . The Warriors continue an Eastern Conference road trip Wednesday night in Chicago . The Cavaliers will take to the road for a game Wednesday in Brooklyn .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 30 - 11 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 27 - 15 ) 115 - 102 on Thursday . A common tenet of success across most team sports is that collective balance usually triumphs over remarkable individual performances , and such was the case Thursday . Although the visiting Clippers received a 30 - point , nine - assist effort from Chris Paul , the rest of the All-Star point guard 's teammates did n't come close to approximating his output . Only two other starters managed double - digit scoring , putting an inordinate amount of responsibility on Paul . Meanwhile , all five Cavaliers starters tallied double - digit scoring , and two of them , Kevin Love and LeBron James , also posted double - doubles . Cleveland shot 51 percent from the field overall , and 46 percent from beyond the arc . Paul added three rebounds , three steals and a block to his scoring and assist totals . J.J. Redick was next in line , registering a respectable 17 points , but only adding two rebounds to his stat line . DeAndre Jordan put together a 10 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , and Jamal Crawford paced the Clippers ' reserves with 16 points and a steal . Paul Pierce notably was scoreless over 17 minutes as a starter , with only an assist and a steal to his credit on the night . Despite the loss , Los_Angeles remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to New York to take on the Knicks on Friday night . Cleveland 's attack was spearheaded by a pair of 22 - point efforts from James and J.R. Smith . The former added 12 assists and five rebounds , while the latter supplemented his points with a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists . Kyrie Irving bounced back from two single - digit scoring performances to post 21 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal . Love put together a second consecutive double - double , collecting 18 points and hauling in 16 boards . He also added a pair of assists and a steal . Timofey Mozgov registered his second straight 11 - point , five - rebound outing to round out a successful night for the starters . Tristan Thompson was a force on the glass while leading the Cavs ' reserves , totaling 12 rebounds and adding eight points . With the victory , Cleveland remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home to face off against the Bulls on Saturday night .
The Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 18 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 30 - 12 ) 96 - 83 on Saturday . Any potential surge that the Cavs may have expected to receive from a fresh start under new coach Tyronn Lue was absent Saturday night , as the struggling Bulls managed to secure a victory in one of the most difficult arenas for road teams in the NBA . Cleveland entered the contest sporting a 16 - 2 record at Quicken Loans Arena on the season , while Chicago had lost three of their last four . However , the shooting made all of the difference in this one , as the Bulls found their stroke from the field . The Bulls tallied 44 - and - 41 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , while Cleveland mustered 37 percent and 17 percent figures in those same categories . The visitors also received 22 points from their bench , while the Cavs ' reserves could only contribute eight . Pau Gasol led the way for Chicago with a 25 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , a steal and a block . Jimmy Butler came within a rebound of a double - double of his own , managing 20 points , hauling in nine boards and dishing out an assist . Taj Gibson pitched in with a season - high 15 points , along with eight rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . Derrick Rose was the other starter to post double - digit scoring , pouring in 12 points and adding four rebounds , four assists and a block . Nikola Mirotic led the reserves with a 17 - point effort that also included six rebounds , an assist and a steal . With the victory , the Bulls hold on to second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They face off with the Miami Heat back in Chicago on Monday . LeBron James looked a tad rejuvenated under his new head coach , posting a 26 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that was just an assist shy of his first triple - double of the season . J.R. Smith was next in line with his first double - double of the campaign , scoring 18 points and hauling in 11 boards . He also added an assist and a block . Kevin Love , who had posted six double - doubles of his own in his last seven contests , cooled off a bit with 14 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kyrie Irving was the fourth member of the starting unit to manage double - digit scoring , collecting 11 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . Despite the loss , Cleveland remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They are home again on Monday to face off against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 34 - 12 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 39 - 8 ) 117 - 103 at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday . Two of the toughest competitors have bested the Spurs over the past week , as the Cleveland Cavaliers joined the Golden State Warriors in defeating Gregg Popovich and his basketball machine . The Spurs were once again without Tim Duncan ( knee ) , who should return to the lineup on Tuesday , and the effects are beginning to take notice . Before the injury , Duncan was leading the league in defensive efficiency and his passing ability has always been a staple to the Spurs game . David West got the nod in Duncan’s absence , but is far from as efficient to the five time champions . West finished with eight points , three rebounds and one assist in 23 minutes . Kawhi Leonard led San_Antonio in scoring and contributed 24 points , six rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 15 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge was efficient in the effort , scoring 15 points on 11 shots , but was almost invisible in the rebounding battle , as he grabbed a lowly two boards . The Spurs will host the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 25 ) on Monday . Cleveland was able to exploit the Duncan-less smallball lineup and earned strong performances from all five starters , who finished in double figures . LeBron James was unstoppable on the drive , and more impressive chasing down Manu Ginobili in transition . James finished with a game high 29 points , five rebounds , seven assists and two blocks ( both on Ginobili ) on 10 - of - 17 shooting in 34 minutes . Kevin Love put together one of his best games of the season , scoring 21 points , to go along with 11 rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting , while Kyrie Irving was the third Cavs member to score 20 - plus points . The Cavs will visit Indiana Pacers ( 25 - 22 ) on Monday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 36 - 14 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 33 ) 99 - 84 on Saturday . One night removed from a heartbreaking 104 - 103 home defeat at the hands of Avery Bradley 's buzzer beater , the Cavaliers were tasked with taking on Anthony Davis and a feisty Pelicans squad with designs on an eighth playoff seed in the Western Conference . Cleveland proved it was up to the task in the second half of their back - to - back set , jumping on New_Orleans early and then pulling away in the final period . The Cavaliers jumped out to a 28 - 20 lead after one quarter despite playing without starting power forward Kevin Love , who was nursing a bruised thigh . Although they trailed by as much as 15 in the second quarter , New_Orleans battled back and closed the gap to four points on several occasions throughout the second half . However , Cleveland 's stars turned it up a notch when they needed it most , as Lebron James and Kyrie Irving combined for 17 points in a final period that the Cavs won by a margin of 25 - 14 . Three Cleveland starters - James , Irving and J.R. Smith - - turned in 20 - point - plus performances , and accounted for the bulk of the home team 's scoring on the night . The Pelicans were led by Norris Cole 's career - high 26 points , which he supplemented with five assists , two rebounds and a steal . His only blemish on the night was his five turnovers . Anthony Davis was the only other starter to tally double - digit scoring , scoring 24 points , and adding 11 rebounds and two blocks . Jrue Holiday paced the Pelicans bench with 12 points , five rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . The visitors were largely stymied by Cleveland 's suffocating defense , as they managed to only shoot 39 percent from the field and 22 percent from behind the arc . New_Orleans remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday night . Irving scored a game - high 29 points in spearheading Cleveland 's attack . He also managed four rebounds , three assists and two steals , and has now scored over 20 points in four of his last five contests . James was right behind him with 27 points , eight assists , three rebounds and a steal . J.R. Smith was chucking all night along , uncorking 16 three - point attempts and scoring 20 points overall , along with four rebounds , three assists and a steal . Tristan Thompson , who got the starting nod in Love 's stead , notably went scoreless over 33 minutes but was a force on the glass , hauling in 15 rebounds while also dishing out an assist . The Cavaliers remain comfortably atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're at home again Monday for a tussle with the turmoil - laden Sacramento Kings .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 37 - 14 ) defeated the visiting Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 31 ) 120 - 100 , Monday night at Quicken Loans Arena . Cleveland dominated this contest . The Cavs scored at least 30 points in each of the first three quarters and 29 in the fourth as their offense clicked against the struggling Sacramento defense . The largest lead for Cleveland was 24 , which they reached a few times in the third and fourth quarters . The Kings have now lost eight of their last nine , while the Cavs have won two in a row . LeBron James notched his first triple - double of the season with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 10 rebounds and 10 assists , along with two steals and one block , in 30 minutes . Kyrie Irving was on fire as well , finishing with 32 points ( 13 - 21 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , 12 assists and three rebounds , in 35 minutes . Irving 's 12 assists matches his career - high . J.R. Smith chipped in 22 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 6 - 13 3Pt ) , four rebounds and two assists , in 31 minutes . The Cavs shot a solid 47 percent from the field and 45 percent from deep in the game . Kevin Love was in action despite being questionable due to a bruised thigh . Love played 27 minutes and tallied 11 points ( 2 - 10 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and six rebounds . Five players scored in double digits for the Kings but as a team they shot only 44 percent from the field and missed 10 free throws . Rudy Gay led his team , with 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt ) and seven rebounds , in 27 minutes . Gay was a late decision to play , after missing the last game with a sore ankle . DeMarcus Cousins shot only 5 - of - 14 from the field , totaling 14 points , eight rebounds and three assists , in 29 minutes , while Rajon Rondo did his best to get everyone involved and keep the offense moving as he dished 16 assists to go along with his seven points and eight rebounds , in 33 minutes . The Kings will move on to finish up their current four - game road trip with a contest in Philadelphia , on Wednesday . Cleveland will look to build on the their small , two - game win streak as they host the Lakers on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 39 - 14 ) defeated their division rival Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 26 ) Thursday night at Quicken Loans Arena , 106 - 95 . The Bulls took their only lead of the game at 20 . The Cavaliers swiftly rattled off a 10 - 2 run and held the lead for the rest of the game . Cleveland led by just six at halftime , but a 30 - 22 third quarter put the game away , as the Cavaliers led by double - digits for the entire final period . LeBron James finished one rebound and one assist away from a triple - double and scored a team - high 25 points on an efficient 11 - 19 shooting night . Triston Thompson was a beast inside , as he scored 16 on 8 - 10 shooting and added 10 rebounds . Kevin Love joined the double - double party with 15 points ( 5 - 10 FG ) and 15 rebounds . The Cavaliers were tidy on offense , as they recorded 21 assists and turned the ball over just 10 times . Derrick Rose led all scorers with 28 points ( 11 - 19 FG ) and added seven rebounds , two assists and a steal . Pau Gasol was the only other Bulls starter to reach double - digits , as he scored 14 to go with nine rebounds , four assists and a block . Bobby Portis was one of the few bright spots for Chicago , as he poured in 13 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in just 26 minutes off the bench . The Bulls shot just 40 percent from the floor and recorded more turnovers ( 13 ) than assists ( 12 ) . The Bulls return home Friday for a matchup against the Raptors . The Cavaliers hit the road for a matchup Sunday afternoon against the Thunder .
The Detroit Pistons ( 28 - 29 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 40 - 15 ) 96 - 88 on Monday . It was a night of improbabilities , with the Pistons coming into the contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak at Quicken Loans Arena of all places , where Cleveland had only dropped four games all season . Detroit was also coming off an absolute trampling at the hands of Anthony Davis on Sunday , who generated a historic 59 - point , 20 - rebound performance . However , the Pistons accomplished the highly unlikely feat Monday on the strength of suffocating defense against one of the game 's best players , and a highly balanced offensive effort from their starting five . Detroit frustrated LeBron James with their typically stelllar play against small forwards , holding him to only 12 points on 5 - for - 18 shooting from the field , and forcing him into an uncharacteristic six turnovers . They also notably shut out starting center Tristan Thompson on the scoreboard , and held sharpshooter J.R. Smith to seven points . The Pistons were sperheaded by Reggie Jackson 's 23 - point outing , which he supplemented with four assists , three rebounds and three steals . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope followed with his first productive performance since returning from a groin injury , totaling 19 points , four rebounds and two steals . Andre Drummond was next with one of his trademark double - doubles , in which he collected 16 points , 15 boards , an assist , two steals and a block . Tobias Harris and Marcus Morris rounded matters out for the starting five with a pair of 14 - point outings . The former also pitched in five rebounds , three assists and three steals in his first start in a Pistons uniform , while Morris supplied four assists and a pair of rebounds in addition to his outstanding defensive work on James . Stanley Johnson paced the reserves with 10 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Detroit remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and is currently two games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head back home to await the Philadelphia 76ers for a Wednesday matchup . Kyrie Irving was a bright spot on the night for Cleveland , as he managed 30 points , five assists , a rebound and a pair of steals after having to exit the Cavs ' last game with an illness . Kevin Love followed with 24 points , seven rebounds and three assists . James managed to complement his modest scoring total with eight boards , five assists and three steals . The bench was led by a modest seven points from Matthew Dellavedova , who also added three assists and a rebound . Cleveland remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division despite the loss , and retains the top seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Wednesday for a tussle with the Charlotte Hornets .
The Eastern Conference-leading Cleveland Cavaliers ( 41 - 15 ) made quick work of the Charlotte Hornets ( 29 - 27 ) on Wednesday , winning 114 - 103 . The Cavs had won five of their last six heading into Wednesday 's contest , despite dropping their most recent matchup against Detroit . Cleveland 's lead on the Eastern Conference has been steady for the majority of the season , and with the team now six for their last seven , things do n't look poised to change . Superstar LeBron James led the effort against the surging Hornets on Wednesday , contributing 23 points , seven rebounds , and seven assists . Point guard Kyrie Irving matched James 's scoring effort , also dropping in 23 on a team - high 17 field goal attempts . For the Cavs , taking care of the basketball proved key , as the team dished out a respectable 26 assists while only turning the ball over nine times . The loss snaps a five - game win streak for Charlotte , a team that has forced its way back into the Eastern Conference playoff picture over the last month . Point guard Kemba Walker , the team 's leading scorer , posted a team - high 20 points in Wednesday 's contest . No other starter reached double - digits , although rookie Frank Kaminsky poured in an efficient 16 from the bench . Recently returned big man Al Jefferson played just 23 minutes while coming off the bench . It was the former All-NBA center 's third straight tilt with the second unit . Charlotte ultimately proved unable to match Cleveland 's elite arsenal of offensive players , allowing the Cavs to hit 50 percent from the field on the night . Charlotte will travel to Indiana to face the Pacers on Wednesday . Cleveland , meanwhile , will visit the second - place Raptors on Friday for what should be an important matchup .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 42 - 17 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 31 - 29 ) 100 - 96 on Monday . A day of rest for LeBron James on Sunday turned into one of calamity for his teammates , as they looked woefully ineffective in losing to the Washington Wizards by a 113 - 99 score that belied the extent of the winning team 's dominance . James returned from his one - game sabbatical Monday , but Cleveland still had its work cut out for it in a matchup against their division rivals . Although LeBron looked refreshed while posting a game - high 33 points , Indiana countered with a pair of standout performances from Monta Ellis and Paul George . After a Cleveland comeback from a 94 - 91 deficit at the 1:30 mark of the fourth quarter , the nip - and - tuck battle came down for one last three - point attempt for George with two seconds left . The All-Star forward had drained four of his eight tries from beyond the arc leading up to that moment , but his 26 - footer missed its target , clinching a much - needed victory for a struggling Cleveland squad fighting to hold on to the top Eastern Conference seed . Ellis ' 28 points paced the visitors , and he added two assists , a rebound and a steal . George followed closely behind with 23 points , eight rebounds , six assists and a pair of steals . George Hill was the only other member of the starting five with double - digit scoring , collecting 11 points , five assists and a pair of rebounds . Chase Budinger led the Pacers reserves with 11 points , four boards , a steal and a block . Indiana remains tied for second place with the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and for the eighth seed as well . They now head to Milwaukee for a Wednesday evening tilt versus the Bucks . James added five rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals to his scoring haul . Kyrie Irving , the only Cavalier who looked like he 'd come to play in Sunday 's lackluster outing , put together a 22 - point , six - assist , three - rebound performance that also included a steal . Kevin Love bounced back from a forgettable effort versus the Wizards with 13 points , eight rebounds and six assists . J.R. Smith overcame a tough first half to finish with 11 points , three rebounds and a steal . Tristan Thompson responded to his move to the bench by providing a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included a block . The Cavs retain first place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and the top seed in the conference by two and a half games over the Toronto Raptors . They remain home to take on the Washington Wizards on Friday night .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 43 - 17 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 31 ) 108 - 83 on Friday . Despite opting to give star forward Kevin Love the day off for rest purposes , the Cavs encountered surprisingly little difficulty in pulling away from a Wizards team that had soundly defeated them last Sunday . The main difference in this contest was the presence of LeBron James , who 'd sat out the 113 - 99 loss in Washington . Following a week of controversy in which his intentions to remain in Cleveland long - term were called into question , James responded with a 19 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists and three steals . The Cavs outperformed the Wizards in virtually every major offensive category during the dominating performance , particularly from long distance . Cleveland amassed an impressive 44 percent accuracy rate from beyond the arc , while limiting Washington to a paltry 15 percent tally . The visitors were led by John Wall , who managed 17 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Markieff Morris was next in line , contributing 13 points , five rebounds and two assists . Marcin Gortat posted a near double - double , registering 10 points , nine rebounds and three blocks . Ramon Sessions paced the bench with 12 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Bradley Beal , still coming off the bench despite Garrett Temple 's monumental struggles as a starter ( scoreless in 27 minutes Friday ) , pitched in with 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal as well . The Wizards are currently in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and a game back of the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They 're home against the Pacers on Saturday night . Kyrie Irving spearheaded the Cavs ' attack with 21 points , eight assists , five rebounds and a steal . Timofey Mozgov turned in one of his best offensive performances of the season , totaling 14 points and five rebounds over a productive 20 minutes . J.R. Smith contributed a modest 10 points , four assists , a rebound and a pair of steals , while Matthew Delladedova led the reserves with a 12 - point effort that was supplemented with three rebounds , an assist and a steal . Tristan Thompson scored in double digits off the bench as well , picking up 10 points , seven boards , a steal and two blocks . The Cavs remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and retain a two - game lead for the top seed in the conference over the Toronto Raptors . They 're home again on Saturday night for a tussle with the Celtics .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 51 - 20 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 42 ) 113 - 104 on Wednesday . The Cavs haven now clinched the Central Division title , but remain in a dogfight for the top seed in the Eastern Conference with the Toronto Raptors . With only a 2 - game lead coming in to the night , Cleveland finds itself in a must - win scenario for the time being every time they take the court . Fortunately , they were back at full health Wednesday , with Kevin Love back after a one - game absence due to an illness . The power forward was outstanding in his return , taking advantage of the Bucks ' nototriously vulnerable frontcourt to post a 24 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , a steal and two blocks . Love and LeBron James helped the Cavs overcome some shooting struggles from long - range - - where they only tallied a 29 percent success rate - - to secure the key victory . The Bucks were spearheaded by Giannis Antetokunmpo , who managed 24 points , six assists , six rebounds and a block . Jerryd Bayless followed with 15 points , five rebounds and an assist . Greg Monroe was next with 14 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jabari Parker checked in with 12 points , three assists , a rebound and four steals . John Henson paced the reserves with 12 points , three rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are seven games back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Friday . James ' 26 points led the Cavs , and he supplemented the game - high scoring total with eight assists , six rebounds , two steals and a block . Kyrie Irving contributed 16 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and a steal . J.R. Smith tallied 13 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Timofey Mozgov managed 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Tristan Thompson paced the bench with a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks . The Cavaliers have clinched the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are momentarily two games ahead of the second - seeded Raptors , pending the outcome of tonight 's Toronto-Boston game . They head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets ( 37 - 38 ) came back to defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 52 - 22 ) 106 - 100 on Tuesday . This game meant more to Houston than it did Cleveland and the second half shows just that . The Cavaliers carried a 19 - point lead at half , but allowed the Rockets to make a huge comeback in their home building . In fact , the Rockets outscored the Cavaliers 64 to 41 in the second half . Houston 's defense was key , as they held Cleveland to 36 percent shooting and outrebounded them 55 to 38 . This win put Houston solely in the eight - seed and it may be their biggest win of the season . James Harden really stepped up in the fourth quarter , as he scored 16 of his 27 points in the final 12 minutes . Dwight Howard double - doubled in an 11 - point , 11 - rebound outing , despite shooting 7 - for - 22 from the free - throw line . Michael Beasley was a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 17 , while grabbing eight boards . On deck for the Rockets is a matchup with the Chicago Bulls on Thursday . Cleveland played this game without a rested LeBron James and they clearly didn’t have the fire they needed to win this game . Kyrie Irving did step up in his absence though , as he accumulated 31 points and eight assists . Tristan Thompson recorded a double - double off the bench as well , as he totaled 16 points and 10 rebounds . The Cavaliers will look to bounce back on Thursday against the Brooklyn Nets in their next game . Cleveland actually lost to the Nets the last time they played , so look for them to avenge that loss as a huge favorite .
LeBron James passed Dominique Wilkins to become the 12th highest scoring player in NBA history as the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 53 - 22 ) defeated the visiting Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 54 ) 107 - 87 , Thursday evening at Quicken Loans Arena . James was back in the line up after sitting out last game and made sure the Cavs did not suffer back - to - back home losses as he led all scorers . After four lead changes in the first quarter the Cavs turned on the jets , out - scoring Brooklyn 27 - 6 to close out the first half . Cleveland cruised the rest of the way to a 20 - point victory . Cavs sit 3 games ahead of the second - place Toronto Raptors with seven games remaining , including four on the road . LeBron finished with 24 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 8 - 10 FT ) , 11 assists , four rebounds , two steals and one blocked shot , to lead the Cavs in 31 minutes of action . Kevin Love followed up with a solid 19 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , 10 rebounds , two assists , one block and one steal , in 25 minutes . Channing Frye chipped in 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists , while Kyrie Irving and Timofey Mozgov added 10 points each . Cleveland shot only 44 percent from the field and gave up 17 turnovers but rebounded and assisted well , to earn their 31st home victory . The Nets were held to only 37 percent shooting from the field , including 4 - 21 from long range , as they were stifled by the Cavs . Thaddeus Young led Brooklyn in scoring with 18 points , along with eight rebounds and one steal , in 28 minutes , after sitting out last game to rest . Bojan Bogdanovic added 14 points , five rebounds and three assists , while Shane Larkin added 13 points , eight assists , five rebounds and two steals . Brooklyn was missing Brook Lopez , who sat this one out to rest . The Nets will be right back in action as they visit their cross - town rivals , the Knicks , on Friday at Madison Square Garden . The Cavaliers will be in Atlanta Friday to play the third - place Hawks .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 57 - 24 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 48 - 33 ) on Monday , 109 - 94 , clinching first place in the Eastern Conference . With the top seed on the line and a chance to clinch it on their home court , the Cavs ' top two stars stepped up to ensure victory . Kyrie Irving and LeBron James scored 35 and 34 points , respectively , to lead Cleveland . No other Cavalier managed to score more than 10 points , but it was all the Cavs needed to get the best of one of the other top defensive units in the conference . The Hawks were led by Kent Bazemore , who managed 23 points , six rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . Jeff Teague followed with 21 points , nine assists and a steal , but committed six turnovers . Al Horford was next with a 20 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , a steal and two blocks . Paul Millsap , who 'd posted some remarkable performances in recent games , could only manage a modest nine points , eight rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Atlanta retains a half - game lead over the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They close out the season at Washington on Wednesday night . Irving 's point total paced the Cavs , and he added four rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . However , like his counterpart Teague , he also committed six turnovers . James supplemented his scoring total with six rebounds , six assists , two steals and a block . Kevin Love only compiled 10 points , but did haul in 14 boards , dished out two assists and recorded two steals . Tristan Thompson , named the starter for the final two games at center , pitched in with nine points , 10 rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . Matthew Delladedova led the bench with 10 points , three assists and a rebound . The Cavs close out the season with a home date against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night .
The Detroit Pistons ( 44 - 38 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 57 - 25 ) in the season finale Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena , 112 - 110 in overtime . Many of the top players for both teams sat out with their clubs locked into their playoff seeds , as LeBron James , Kevin Love , Kyrie Irving , Andre Drummond , and Reggie Jackson all watched this one from the benches . Detroit opened up a 58 - 44 lead by halftime , but the Cavaliers clawed their way back into the game . Cleveland won the fourth quarter 31 - 21 and forced overtime on the strength of a Jordan McRae three - pointer with 15 seconds left . But Detroit held on in the overtime as McRae missed two of his three free throw attempts with 1 remaining in the extra frame as the Cavaliers fell by two . Jodie Meeks hit four three - pointers off the bench and led the Pistons with 20 points . Anthony Tolliver ( 5 - 10 FG , 5 - 9 3PT ) and Reggie Bullock ( 5 - 8 FG , 3 - 5 3PT ) added 15 each . Detroit shot just 44 perrcent from the field but made 16 - 33 ( 49 percent ) from three - point land and notched 24 assists against 12 turnovers to keep their offense moving . McRae 's 36 points led all scorers , as he shot a robust 14 - 29 from the field , including 3 - 5 from three - point land . Richard Jefferson scored 16 ( 5 - 11 FG ) and Channing Frye ( 6 - 10 FG ) and Timofey Mozgov ( 7 - 12 FG ) added 14 points apiece . Cleveland outshot Detroit 47 percent to 44 percent , but the Pistons scored 27 more points from the three - point line and 11 more from the free throw line , too much for Cleveland to overcome in the end . The Cavaliers will enter the playoffs with the first seed in the Eastern Conference and will face the Pistons , the eighth seed , in the first round .
After a strong start , the Boston Celtics ( 2 - 3 ) were able to comfortably beat the Washington Wizards ( 3 - 2 ) on Friday by a score of 118 - 98 . The Celtics got off to a hot start , finishing the first half up 72 - 49 . Center Kelly Olynyk excelled off the bench , stuffing the stat sheet for 19 points , seven rebounds , four assists , and four steals . Olynyk also knocked in three attempts from beyond the three - point line . The team went without sophomore guard Marcus Smart ( toe ) for the second straight game . However , Boston was able to make up for the absence of the guard 's strong defense , holding Washington to just 41 percent from the field and forcing 24 turnovers on the night . Despite the tough loss , Friday 's game marked the continuation of the emergence of Washington guard Bradley Beal . Beal posted a game - high 24 points , and has now racked up at least 24 points in each game of the season . With many teammates struggling to find their shots , Beal was able to lead the charge on offense . Now , the fourth - year guard is averaging over 25 points per game and is leading the Wizards in scoring . His rise to prominance should be an interesting story to watch as he shares the backcourt with All-Star John Wall . The Wizards will seek to brush off the blowout as they prepare to play Saturday . Washington will be taking on the 5 - 1 Hawks in Atlanta . Meanwhile , the Celtics will have a few days of rest before taking on the Bucks in Milwaukee on Tuesday .
The Boston Celtics ( 4 - 4 ) comfortably delivered a home win against the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 3 ) on Friday , winning 106 - 93 . After briefly pulling away in the third quarter , the Celtics pulled off a 100 run late in the game to seal the victory . Point guard Isaiah Thomas led the charge for Boston , posting a 23 - point , 10 - assist double - double . Small forward Jae Crowder helped anchor the defense , grabbing four steals and a block on the night . Friday 's performance increased Crowder 's league - leading average of 3 steals per game . Also aiding the defense was power forward Amir Johnson , whose three blocks and three steals helped contribute to the relatively quiet night from Atlanta 's usually dominant frontcourt . While Atlanta shot a healthy 47 % from the field , the true story of the game was Boston 's 50 - 35 advantage on the glass . An abundance of second - chance attempts helped mask the Celtics ' relatively poor 41 % team shooting . An off night from All-Star point guard Jeff Teague only compounded the Atlanta 's woes . Teague finished the night with a modest six points and three assists while turning the ball over three times . Despite the off night , Atlanta remains one of the top dogs in the Eastern Conference . They will hope to get back on their feet on Monday against the Jazz . Meanwhile , the Celtics will look to crack .500 on Monday as they travel to Oklahoma City .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 8 - 4 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 6 - 5 ) 106 - 102 on Wednesday at the TD Garden in Boston . The Celtics built a strong lead early in this game , out - scoring the Mavericks 31 - 16 in the first quarter alone . With an eight - point lead heading into the fourth quarter , the Celtics had a chance to close it out , but the Mavericks took off on a 36 - 24 run in the end to secure the four - point victory on the road in Boston . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , finishing at 51 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went 41 percent from the field and just 31 percent from deep . Behind a strong performance from Dirk Nowitzki , the Mavericks won their fifth straight game , which gives them the third best record in the stacked Western Conference . Nowitzki finished with a game - high of 23 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , 14 of which came in the first half , while also adding seven rebounds over 34 minutes . The 37 - year - old German has combined for 44 points and 13 rebounds over the last two games and is a big reason for the Mavericks continued success this season . Wes Matthews had one of his better scoring performances of the year . He posted 18 points and three assists over 33 minutes , despite shooting just 33 percent from the field . Matthews has really struggled with his shot of late , combining to shoot a dreadful 8 - of - 33 from the floor over his last three games . Matthews is a career 44 percent shooter from the field , though , so expect his numbers to increase moving forward . Zaza Pachulia chipped in with a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double as well . Despite coming off the bench for his third straight game following a minor calf injury , Avery Bradley still was able to have some decent production . In 31 minutes , he did a little bit of everything , recording 18 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds , three assists and four steals before fouling out late . The rebounds and steals were both season - highs for the guard , who could move back into the starting lineup as early as Friday . Starting in his place , Isaiah Thomas had a solid all - around showing . He finished with a team - high of 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 1 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , to go along with six assists and three steals . Thomas had scored 20 points or more over the Cetlics ' last three games , all of which resulted in wins , but his production Wednesday was n't enough to keep the streak going . Jared Sullinger added a double - double with 18 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and 12 rebounds over 30 minutes . The Celtics will remain at home to play the Brooklyn Nets on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday as well .
The Boston Celtics ( 7 - 5 ) blew out the Brooklyn Nets ( 2 - 11 ) 120 - 95 on Friday . This was an ugly game from start to finish , as the Celtics outscored the Nets in three quarters while tying them in one . The game really fell apart in the second quarter , as the Celtics outscored the Nets 43 - 23 in that 12 - minute stretch . Boston shot just short 60 percent from the field while the Nets fell just shy of 40 percent . The assisting differential was equally as lopsided , as the Celtics had 39 assists to the Nets 17 . The Nets have been playing competitively lately , but this was not one of those games . This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Brooklyn is in a lot of trouble right now . The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA . One bright spot is the strong play of Thaddeus Young though , as he tallied 14 points and 10 rebounds in yet another great performance . Jarrett Jack has been really solid this season , but he committed seven turnovers here in one of his worst games of the years thus far . This team is downright bad right now and it 's hard to see a sliver lining with not much upside on this roster . They 'll look to rebound on Sunday when they get a rematch against these same Celtics . The Celtics had a brutal loss in their most previous game , but they bounced back nicely here to grab a runaway win . The bench was spectacular on this night , as they totaled 60 points in the win , outscoring the Nets starters . Avery Bradley led the team with 21 points , but the best player on this night was Jae Crowder . The Marquette product continued his fine season by tallying 19 points , five rebounds , two assists and three steals in the victory . He currently leads the league in steals and he 's becoming one of the most valuable players on this Celtics roster . Boston will look to play similarly when they take on the Nets yet again on Sunday in a rematch .
The Boston Celtics ( 8 - 7 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 16 ) 84 - 80 on Wednesday in yet another late - game collapse for Philly . . The Sixers played very well in this game , but choked it away late to extend their horrible losing - streak . The Celtics ended the game on an 18 - 3 run over the last six minutes and that 's the Sixers season in a nutshell . Both teams shot poorly in this game , as they both shot below 38 percent from the field . This definitely was n't a pretty game by any means , but Boston fans will be happy that they were n't the ones to allow that first elusive win to the Sixers . The Sixers usually lose games early , but when it 's close at the end , they do n't know how to finish games either . It 's a sad reality for a team in a deep hole , but losses like these still have to be looked at positively . They were ahead for the majority of the second half and it was still one of their best performances of the year , despite the loss . Jahlil Okafor once again led the team in scoring , as he tallied 19 points and 11 rebounds in the defeat . He is definitely a major bright spot in a dark tunnel and Philly fans can be somewhat hopeful for the future with his strong play this season . Philadelphia will look to crack this losing - streak when they take on the struggling Houston Rockets on Friday . The Celtics played poorly on Wednesday , but somehow escaped with a win . Only two Boston players scored more than 10 points in this game and they were lucky to grab a win in such a poor performance . Despite the struggles , Isaiah Thomas had a great game , totaling 30 points , six assists and four rebounds in the victory . Evan Turner also had a nice game off the bench , as he collected 16 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Jared Sullinger also snatched 15 boards , so it was n't all bad for Boston . The gritty nature to go on a big run and pull out a win like this late can be a huge momentum booster for a young team . They 'll host a Washington Wizards team on Friday , who are coming off one of the biggest chokes of the season as well , as they scored six points in the fourth quarter in Wednesday 's loss to the Charlotte Hornets . .
The Boston Celtics dominated the Washington Wizards 111 - 78 on Friday . This was a non - competitive game and it was no surprise with both team 's last results . The Celtics had a comeback win over the Philadelphia 76ers in their last game in which they finished the game on a 16 - 4 run . The Wizards on the other hand , scored six points in the fourth quarter to blow a double - digit lead against the Charlotte Hornets in the fourth quarter of their last game . Clearly that epic collapse carried over here for the Wizards and they ca n't allow that to hang over them too much longer . Boston outshot , outrebounded , outassisted , and committed less turnovers than the Wizards in the blowout . They also beat them in every quarter by at least five points and this was the definition of a start - to - finish blowout . The Wizards shot just 32 percent in this loss and it was a downright ugly performance . The most worrisome part is the lack of hustle this team showed , as they were nearly doubled in the steals and blocks categories . John Wall had another bad game with just 10 points , six assists and four rebounds . He 's been in a rut as of late and they need him to play like a star if the team is to get out of this slump . The only Washington player who showed up was Jared Dudley , who dropped 19 points off the bench . The Wizards will try to get back on track on Saturday against the Toronto Raptors . This was one of Boston 's best games of the season , as they handled an Eastern Conference foe extremely easily . The Celtics were clicking on all cylinders , but their defense was the key , as they held the Wizards to 32 percent shooting . All the starters played well , as four of them scored at least 16 points and all five recorded at least three assists . Jared Sullinger was especially good , as he tallied 18 points , 15 rebounds , three assists and two blocks in the win . This is a deep team that plays some of the best team - ball in the NBA and these are the types of games that make them a true threat . Boston will look to keep up this form against an equally surprising Orlando Magic squad on Sunday .
The Boston Celtics ( 13 - 9 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 8 ) by a score of 105 - 100 on Wednesday night in Boston . Chicago has now lost three in a row , while Boston has now won six of their last eight . This win allowed Boston to jump up in the Eastern conference standings , while Chicago slid down to the edge of the play - off cut - off . The East is still so tight that one game is about the difference between third and ninth place . This was a close game the whole way but a troublesome 18 turnovers by Chicago allowed Boston some key momentum plays and the few extra possessions needed to score the win . The Celtics were led by their high - octane point guard , Isaiah Thomas , who finished with 20 points , five assists and five rebounds in 31 minutes . Thomas shot only 5 - 15 from the field but went 8 - 8 from the free throw line to make up for it . Jared Sullinger scored a solid double - double with 10 points and 16 rebounds , including five offensive , along with three blocked shots . Evan Turner contributed 13 points and seven assists in 28 minutes off the bench . The Celtics shot only 41 percent from the field as a team but made 24 - 28 free throws and forced 18 turnovers by Chicago . The Bulls shot a better percentage , grabbed more rebounds and committed less fouls than Boston , but could not manage the timely buckets to come out on top in this close game . Jimmy Butler led Chicago in scoring with 36 points on 12 - 24 shooting , along with seven rebounds , in 38 minutes . Pau Gasol put together a solid double - double with 16 points and 15 rebounds , along with four assists and two blocks , in 33 minutes . Derrick Rose chipped in 12 points , six assists and two rebounds , in 36 minutes . Next up for the Bulls is the second night of a back - to - back , in which they will be hosting the L.A. Clippers . Boston will stay home and wait until Friday to see if their hot streak and fast pace can topple the unstoppable Golden State Warriors .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 240 ) faced their closest call of the season , being taken to double overtime at the TD Garden by the Boston Celtics ( 13 - 10 ) . The Warriors ' historic win streak now stands at 28 games , the second longest of all time . Despite the absence of starters Klay Thompson ( ankle ) and Harrison Barnes ( ankle ) , the Warriors were able to get the win , mainly by riding the elite play of stars Steph Curry and Draymond Green . Curry continued to score at a historic pace , dropping in six threes en route to 38 points . Despite the big numbers , the All-Star shot just 9 - of - 27 on the night , held back by the stellar defense of Boston 's Avery Bradley and Evan Turner . Draymond Green was the true star of the show , posting 24 points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , five rebounds , and five steals . Green 's night was a historic one , as it marked the league 's first 5x5 since Nicolas Batum acheived the feat in 2012 . Boston , meanwhile , came less than a minute from being the first team to hand a loss to Golden_State so far this season . Center Kelly Olynyk had the hot hand for the Celtics , leading the team with 28 points . Coach Brad Stevens chose to rely heavily on the play of Olynyk , Evan Turner , and Jae Crowder , throughout the game and overtime . Point guard Isaiah Thomas , meanwhile , struggled in the game 's overtime periods , missing two potentially game - winning shots . The Celtics may not have gotten the win , but they will certainly have momentum after forcing double OT against a historic team . The team 's next contest will be against Charlotte on Saturday . The Warriors , meanwhile , will look to defend their undefeated record as they travel to Milwaukee in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 16 - 7 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 14 - 11 ) 89 - 77 on Tuesday . The much - improved Celtics gave the Cavaliers all they could handle in the first half , and went into intermission with a 46 - 40 lead . That quickly dissipated in the third quarter however , with Cleveland 's turnaround spearheaded by contributions from J.R. Smith and Mo Williams . The Cavs also significantly tightened up their defensive efforts , holding Boston to a mere 31 points over the final two quarters . The Celtics only managed a 32 percent success rate from the field for the game , and shot a mediocre 28 percent from beyond the arc . The visitors were led by 24 points from LeBron James , who also added seven rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block . Kevin Love continued to alternate double - and - single - digit point efforts , amassing 20 points , eight rebounds , five assists , a pair of blocks and a steal . Williams was the only other Cleveland player who managed double - digit scoring , tallying 10 points over a highly efficient 19 minutes from the bench . Timofey Mozgov did come within a point of a double - double , accummulating nine points and 10 rebounds . The Cavaliers improved to 16 - 7 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Thunder in a Thursday night showdown . The Celtics were led by Avery Bradley 's 17 points , his 17th consecutive double - digit scoring effort . Jae Crowder ( 14 points ) and Isaiah Thomas ( 12 points ) were the other Boston players with any type of meaningful production , with the latter enduring a particularly difficult 3 - for - 15 shooting night . Boston 's starting frontcourt came up particularly short on the night , with Jared Sullinger and Amir Johnson combining for only 10 points and 12 rebounds . The Celtics were also outscored in the paint , 44 - 24 . Boston fell to 14 - 11 and remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 16 - 12 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 14 - 13 ) by a score of 109 - 101 , in Boston on Friday . This was a huge win for the Hawks and a huge loss for the Celtics . Atlanta was ninth in the East , while Boston was tenth heading into this game . With the win the Hawks find themselves back in the top eight , while Boston is now one game farther out of the top eight . The Celtics have now lost three straight . It was back and forth the whole way . Boston made it a two - point game with 2:32 left in the fourth but Atlanta turned up the heat to seal the deal down the stretch . The Hawks shared the ball well , with six players scoring in double digits , however they shot a poor 4 - 20 from long range as a team . Big Al Horford was huge for the Hawks with a double - double consisting of 21 points and 10 rebounds , along with three blocked shots and two assists , in 35 minutes . Fellow frontcourt presence Paul Millsap dropped 20 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 8 - 10 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , four assists and two steals . Dennis Schroder led Atlanta in scoring with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) in 28 minutes off the bench . He also dished five assists and grabbed four steals . Isaiah Thomas was electric as usual for the Celtics . Thomas led all scorers with 29 points on 6 - 12 shooting including 3 - 5 from beyond the arc but most notably shot 14 - 15 from the free throw line . Jae Crowder had one of his better games this season , finishing with 24 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and 10 rebounds in 36 minutes . The only other player to score double digits for Boston was Jared Sullinger , who finished with 10 points ( 4 - 7 FG ) , along with eight rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 24 minutes . The Celtics will get a bit of a rest before hosting Minnesota on Monday . They will need to get back in the win column to stay competitive in the over - crowded East . The Hawks will have to stay on their A-game as they head to Orlando to face - off against the gritty Magic on Sunday .
The Boston Celtics ( 15 - 13 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 17 ) 113 - 99 on Monday . 2015 first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns has had an outstanding rookie campaign , with only a few hiccups along the way . Monday , the rookie reached another milestone in his young career , hauling in an outstanding 16 boards and posting his third - highest scoring total of the season with 25 points . Towns and spot starter Gorgui Dieng made for a formidable duo down low , helping Minnesota outscore the Celtics in the paint 56 to 44 . However , Minnesota was ultimately done in by a solid shooting night from the home team , who drained 52 percent of their attempts from the field , including an impressive 48 percent of their 25 tries from beyond the arc . The above - average accuracy helped Boston post a 32 - 19 third quarter that blew open what had been a seven - point halftime lead . Dieng got the starting nod in place of the idle Kevin Garnett , and contributed 12 points , five rebounds , three assists , two blocks and a steal over 30 minutes . Andrew Wiggins pitched in with his fourth outstanding offensive performance over the last five games , pouring in 26 points and adding three rebounds . The 2014 first overall pick now has tallied 23 , 23 , 32 and tonight 's 26 points during that span of contests . The valuable Zach LaVine managed another starting - quality contribution to pace the Minnesota bench , collecting 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal over 26 efficient minutes . The Timberwolves fell to 11 - 17 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Spurs on Wednesday . Boston once again benefited from a balanced scoring effort from their starting five , which on this night was speaheaded by Kelly Olynyk 's 19 points and five rebounds . Jae Crowder , much improved on offense in December , posted his second consecutive double - double with 18 points and 10 boards . He also shot a stellar 62 percent ( 8 for 13 ) from the field for a second straight game . Avery Bradley tallied 13 points of his own , and David Lee made the most of a starting opportunity in place of Amir Johnson ( foot ) , amassing 13 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a block over just 22 minutes . After back - to - back 38 - and - 29 - point efforts , Isaiah Thomas cooled off with only eight points , but pitched in with 12 assists , his second - highest total in that category this season . Tyler Zeller ( 14 points ) and Jonas Jerebko ( 12 points ) paced the Celtics bench with notable contributions of their own . The Celtics improved to 15 - 13 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They travel to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Boston Celtics ( 18 - 13 ) picked up their season - high fourth win in a row on Sunday night , when they defeated the New_York Knicks ( 14 - 18 ) by the score of 100 - 91 , in Boston . This loss was the fourth in a row for New_York . The Celtics were up 22 - 18 after a hard fought first quarter and managed to hold off New_York the rest of the way . This game was the second of a back - to - back for both teams . Boston was coming off a big win in Detroit and came into this one pumped up . The Knicks lost against Atlanta in their last game and with this loss too , are quickly losing touch with the top eight in the East . Marcus Smart was back in the line up for Boston , after missing 18 games with a knee injury . Smart played 13 minutes off the bench and finished with six points , three rebounds and one assist . Isaiah Thomas had an all - around good game as he led his team in scoring with 21 points , along with six assists and eight rebounds . Jae Crowder chipped in 18 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . Evan Turner had 19 points , five rebounds and two assists , in 30 minutes off the bench . David Lee remained side - lined with a lower back injury . The Knicks struggled shooting , going only 37 percent from the field . Carmelo Anthony shot 11 - 26 on his way to a game - high 29 points , along with 10 rebounds and two assists , in 35 minutes . Kristaps Porzingis shot only 4 - 13 from the field but put up solid numbers with 16 points , 12 rebounds , three blocked shots and two steals , in 28 minutes . Derrick Williams chipped in 10 points and four rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . Scoring has been a problem for the Knicks lately as they have failed to score 100 points in each of their last four losses . The Knicks next game will be at home on Tuesday versus Detroit . This will be another tough Eastern Conference match up for the Knicks , but they will have to win if they want to stay relevant in the East . The Celtics will have a couple days rest before hosting the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Celtics will be looking to extend their winning streak to five .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 6 - 27 ) pulled out the win on the road Wednesday night over the Boston Celtics ( 18 - 14 ) , 112 - 104 at the TD Garden . Trailing 100 - 89 , Boston made a spirited 90 run in the second half of the fourth quarter to pull the game within two with 3:36 to go . The Lakers , however , wouldn’t relinquish the lead , and a Kobe Bryant three - pointer with 1:40 to go proved to be the dagger . Bryant finished with 15 points despite a rough 5 - 18 shooting night , but hit two three - pointers and added 11 rebounds for a double - double . Jordan Clarkson led the Lakers with 24 on an ultra - efficient 10 - 15 shooting . The Lakers shot a robust 9 - 19 ( 47 percent ) from three - point land , even better than they shot from inside the arc ( 45 percent ) . Isaiah Thomas matched Clarkson’s 24 points and led the way for the Celtics in the losing effort . Evan Turner came off the bench to score 20 and dished a game - high eight assists in just 28 minutes . The Celtics just couldn’t get it going from deep , as they shot just 7 - 25 ( 28 percent ) , and that proved to be the difference . The Lakers snapped a four - game losing streak and will try to make it two wins in a row Friday against Philadelphia at home . The Celtics had a four - game winning streak of their own snapped and next host the Nets on Saturday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 20 - 16 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 16 ) 99 - 94 on Wednesday . Detroit pulled out the impressive road victory by dominating the Celtics in the fourth quarter , an unlikely scenario considering how the Boston defense had effectively stymied them over the first three periods . The Pistons trailed 75 - 66 entering the final 12 minutes , but were able to prevail on the offensive efforts of Reggie Jackson ( nine points ) and Andre Drummond ( six points ) while turning the tables on the home team by limiting them to 19 points with outstanding defense . The Pistons were led by Jackson 's game - high 24 points , and he added six assists and a pair of rebounds . It was Jackson 's third double - digit scoring game against Boston this season , and the second of those three contests where he 's scored over 20 points . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope made it a strong night for the Detroit backcourt by tallying 20 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Andre Drummond had a rare sub - par outing , managing 13 points , five rebounds , a pair of steals and a pair of blocks . Stanley Johnson was outstanding off the bench , posting an 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double over just 23 minutes to lead the Pistons ' reserves . The Pistons improved to 20 - 16 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday . Boston enjoyed a stellar night from their starting five , and Isaiah Thomas led the way with a 22 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , his second outstanding game against the Pistons this season . Evan Turner had another solid effort in place of Avery Bradley ( hip ) , tallying 17 points and hauling in six boards . Amir Johnson and Jae Crowder pitched in with a pair of 16 - point efforts , with the former making it a double - double by posting 11 rebounds , and the latter adding four rebounds and a pair of steals . Kelly Olynyk contributed 10 points , five rebounds and four assists to round things out for the front - line players , and Jared Sullinger led the reserves with eight points . The Celtics fell to 19 - 16 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Chicago to take on the Bulls on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics ( 24 - 21 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 24 - 19 ) 110 - 101 on Friday . The contest turned out to be closer than would have appeared at halftime , when the Celtics held a 64 - 49 lead . Spearheaded by strong performances from their top players , the Bulls mounted an offensive charge , particularly in the third period . Chicago 's guard duo of Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler impressively found success against one of the stingier backcourt defenses in the league , with the pair tallying 27 and 28 points , respectively . However , the home team benefited from balanced production from their starters , and timely offense from their bench , to pull away late and secure the victory . Butler supplemented his game - high scoring total with 14 rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Rose added seven rebounds and three assists to his stat line . Pau Gasol bounced back from a one - point effort against the Warriors on Wednesday to post a double - double , totaling 18 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Tony Snell ( two points ) and Taj Gibson ( nine points ) were n't able to lend much support on the scoreboard , and rookie Bobby Portis led the reserves with eight points , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Despite the loss , the Bulls remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Cleveland for a Saturday night showdown with the Cavaliers . Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas ' 22 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Avery Bradley was right behind him , putting together a complete effort on both sides of the ball . The Celtics ' two - guard tallied 21 points , four assists , a rebound and four steals . Jared Sullinger got the starting call at power forward with Amir Johnson out for personal reasons , and posted a stat - sheet - stuffing double - double . He collected 18 points , hauled in 12 boards , dished out five assists , and recorded three thefts and a block . Kelly Olynyk pitched in with 12 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a block . Evan Turner led the Boston bench with 10 points , five rebounds , five assists and a steal , while Marcus Smart ( eight points ) and Tyler Zeller ( seven points , five of which came in the final period ) also made important contributions . With the win , the Celtics hold on to second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They are scheduled to take on the Sixers in Philadelphia on Sunday evening , after the game was rescheduled due to the winter storm affecting the Northeast .
The Boston Celtics ( 26 - 21 ) secured their fourth win in a row , defeating the visiting Denver Nuggets ( 17 - 29 ) 111 - 103 on Wednesday . Boston led by as much as 20 , comfortably winning their fourth in what has now been a string of victories for the young and rising team . Avery Bradley was the shining light on Brad Stevens ' deep squad on Wednesday , going for 27 points inculding 21 in the first half . Bradley , who has gained a reputation as a solid perimeter defender , also tacked on four steals . The Celtics ' ball movement as a team was noteworthy , with the squad recording 29 total assists . Points in the paint remained fairly even despite a 5 - rebound advantage for Denver on the night . Denver has had a season marked by extremely high highs and unfortunately low lows , and the team that has dealt losses to powerhouses like Golden State was forced to add yet another tally to their growing loss column . The Nuggets managed to stay with Boston the entire game , losing by single - digits in the end . Sixth man Will Barton continued to provide a spark for Denver off the bench , scoring 23 points and hitting 3 three - pointers on the night . Power forward Kenneth Faried also showed off the tenacious rebounding that earned him his `` Manimal '' nickname , recording a 15 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . The Nuggets are scheduled for a back - to - back , and will travel to Washington on Thurday to take on the Wizards . Boston will continue its homestand on Friday , playing host to the faltering Orlando Magic .
The Boston Celtics ( 27 - 21 ) defeated the visiting Orlando Magic ( 20 - 25 ) , 113 - 94 , on Friday night at TD Garden . The Celtics won every quarter en route to their season - high fifth straight win . On the other hand the Magic 's woes continue as their losing streak is now at eight games . The Magic were one game ahead of the Celtics before the new year , but since the calendar changed Orlando has gone 1 - 12 , while Boston has steadily improved . The Celtics ' bench was phenomenal , contributing 62 points to the victory . Marcus Smart and Kelly Olynyk both chipped in 16 points , while Evan Turner finished with 15 and Jonas Jerebko with 13 , all off the bench . As for the starters , Jared Sullinger hit a double - double with 11 points and 11 rebounds , while Isaiah Thomas tallied 14 points and eight assists . As a team Boston shot a solid 50 percent from the field . Defense however has been the story for the Celtics , who have been forcing opponents to a league - leading average of 17 turnovers per game . They forced 16 turnovers in this win . The Magic struggled shooting , hitting only 40 percent of their field goals . They managed only 17 assists and gave up 16 turnovers against the gritty Boston defense . On the bright side , six players scored in double digits for Orlando . Nikola Vucevic was the high - point man with 14 , along with eight rebounds and four assists , in 29 minutes . Aaron Gordon finished with 12 points , nine rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes , while Shabazz Napier chipped in 13 points , three assists and two rebounds , in 17 minutes off the bench . This was the first of a home - and - home set between these two teams . They will face off again in Orlando on Sunday , where the Magic will look to end their losing streak .
The surging Boston Celtics ( 28 - 22 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 26 - 24 ) 102 - 95 on Wednesday at TD Garden . Under coach Brad Stevens , the young Celtics have exceeded many preseason predictions to this point in the season . Boston holds the league 's second - best defensive rating , and currently remains tied with Atlanta for the third seed in the Eastern Conference . Wednesday 's win over Detroit marked the Celtics ' seventh victory in eight games . First-time All-Star Isaiah Thomas once again led the Celtics in scoring on Wednesday , scoring 17 points while also leading the team with seven assists . Guard Avery Bradley , meanwhile , scored 15 of his own to go with four rebounds and three assists . Backup Evan Turner provided another strong backcourt performance off the bench , dropping in 14 points , six rebounds , and five assists . Detroit , on the other hand , has dropped three of their last four contests . The team struggled to get it going from the field , shooting just 38 percent as a unit . Forward Marcus Morris went just 4 - for - 17 on the night , while rookie Stanley Johnson also struggled , going 4 - for - 13 . Big man Andre Drummond , meanwhile , continued to expand upon his league leading double - double total , recording 16 points and 13 rebounds in Boston . Boston will travel to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Friday . Meanwhile , Detroit will host the Knicks on Thursday for the second half of their back - to - back .
The Boston Celtics ( 34 - 25 ) outlasted the Milwaukee Bucks ( 24 - 34 ) for an Eastern Conference home win Thursday Night at TD Garden , 112 - 107 . The Celtics led wire - to - wire as they built up a 10 - point lead in the first quarter , a lead they extended to 17 at one point before halftime . The Bucks managed to get it within single digits for most of the fourth quarter as the won the final period 34 - 24 , but it was n't enough to overcome their slow start . As close as it became towards the end , the Bucks never managed to get it within one possession . Isaiah Thomas poured in a game - high 27 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 2 - 10 3PT , 5 - 8 FT ) and dished seven assists to lead the Celtics offense . Jae Crowder had an efficient 20 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3PT ) in just 23 minutes and Jared Sullinger notched a double - double with 14 points ( 5 - 11 FG ) and 10 rebounds . The Celtics shot just 5 - 23 ( 22 percent ) from three but dominated from two - point range , converting on 59 percent of their inside shots . Jabari Parker was one of three Bucks to crack 20 points , as he led the team with 22 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) . Khris Middleton added 21 ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 4 3PT ) and Greg monroe scored 20 ( 9 - 13 FG ) to go with eight rebounds , four assists and two blocks in 34 minutes off the bench . The Bucks shot a brutal 4 - 15 ( 27 percent ) from three - point range and could n't capitalize on Boston 's poor shooting from deep . The Bucks next face the Pistons in Milwaukee on Saturday . The Celtics continue their homestand with a Saturday matchup against the Heat .
The Boston Celtics ( 35 - 25 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 32 - 26 ) 101 - 89 , Saturday afternoon at TD Garden . This clash of top Eastern teams featured Miami 's top - five defense , which holds opponents to an average of 97 points per game versus Boston 's top - five offense , which scores an average of 106 points per game , including 118 over their last seven . Boston had the advantage at home , where they have now won 10 in a row and boast a record of 19 - 10 . The Heat now sit two games behind the third place Celtics and have gone 3 - 2 in their last five games . The Celtics only hit 40 percent of their shots but supplemented that by hitting 18 - 22 free throws and forcing 20 Miami turnovers . They also moved the ball very well , leading to 26 assists on 39 field goals . Nine players logged 19 or more minutes for Boston and six of them scored in double digits , while adding at least two rebounds or assists . Marcus Smart led the team in scoring with 15 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists , in 27 minutes off the bench . Jared Sullinger double - doubled with 12 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 12 rebounds , along with four assists , three blocks and two steals , in 24 minutes . Evan Turner also filled the stat line with 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , nine assists , six rebounds and one steal , in 28 minutes . The Heat got out to a quick start but could not hang on . They held the Celtics , who have averaged 118 points over their last seven games , to only 101 in this one by rebounding , blocking and contesting shots and holding the Celtics to 40 percent from the field . However , Miami could not find the offense it needed to win . Goran Dragic led the way in scoring with 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with five rebounds and five assists , in 34 minutes . Dwyane Wade chipped in 19 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds and three assists , in 33 minutes , while Hassan Whiteside tallied a double - double in 32 minutes off the bench , with 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 15 rebounds , along with an emphatic eight blocks . The Heat will head straight to New York , where they take on the Knicks on Sunday . The Celtics host the Jazz on Monday .
The Boston Celtics ( 36 - 25 ) earned a home win Monday at TD Garden over the Utah Jazz ( 28 - 31 ) , 100 - 95 . The Jazz opened up a double - digit lead early in the second quarter and threatened to pull away , but the Celtics trimmed the lead to three by halftime . Neither team built up a lead greater than six points in a back - and - forth second half , and nine of the game 's 10 lead changes came in the fourth quarter . It was the Celtics ' ability to get to the line that put them over the top - - they attempted 12 more free throws than the Jazz and finished with an eight - point advantage from the line as six different Celtics earned at least three shots from the charity stripe . Jae Crowder finished with a game - high 22 points for the Celtics on an ultra - efficient shooting night ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 5 3PT , 5 - 7 FT ) . Avery Bradley ( 7 - 13 FG ) and Isaiah Thomas ( 8 - 19 FG ) added 18 points apiece , and Thomas finished with a game - high nine assists . The Celtics did n't have their deep shots working ( 6 - 18 , 33 percent from three ) but their passing was crisp , as they recorded 27 assists against just nine turnovers . The Jazz got a pair of double - doubles from starting big men Rudy Gobert ( 12 points , 12 rebounds ) and Derrick Favors ( 11 points , 16 rebounds ) . Shelvin Mack scored 18 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3PT ) , tied for the team lead with Trey Lyles ( 8 - 18 FG ) , who also grabbed 10 rebounds in just 23 minutes off the bench . The Jazz shot a putrid 38 - 101 ( 38 percent ) and just 7 - 24 ( 29 percent ) from deep . They just could n't get their shots off against Boston 's deep front line , which recorded a mammoth 13 blocks on 77 two - point attempts ( 17 percent ) . The Jazz continue their road trip Wednesday against the Raptors . Boston continues its homestand Wednesday as they host the Trail Blazers .
Two of the NBA 's hottest teams met at TD Garden on Wednesday night , as the Boston Celtics ( 37 - 25 ) crushed the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 29 ) 116 - 93 . All-Star Isaiah Thomas took charge for Boston , leading the game with 30 points . It was an all - around effort , however , as six Boston players reached double - digit scoring on the night . The Celtics managed to hold on to the ball exceedingly well on Wednesday , turning the ball over just five times as a team . Boston also made a huge impact on the boars , pulling down 57 rebounds . Sophomore guard Marcus Smart provided a spark off the bench , scoring 15 points and grabbing 11 rebounds in 31 minutes . The Celtics have now won 10 of their last 13 outings , continuing the level of play that earned coach Brad Stevens Eastern Conference Coach of the Month honors for February . Portland , meanwhile , had won 9 of their last 10 coming into Wednesday 's meeting . Coach Terry Stotts was named Stevens ' Western Conference counterpart for February , and the Blazers have quickly shot up to sixth in the Western Conference standings . The team simply could not get it done in Boston , however , as they held sizable disadvantages in turnovers and rebounding . Only three players scored in double digits , with guards Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum predictably leading the way with 20 and 17 respectively . The Celtics will host the Knicks on Friday . Portland , meanwhile , will be visiting the equally - hot Raptors in Toronto .
The Boston Celtics ( 38 - 25 ) defeated the visiting New_York Knicks ( 25 - 38 ) 105 - 104 , Friday night at TD Garden . This was truly a battle of two teams headed in opposite directions as the Celtics have now won 11 of their last 14 games and five straight , while the Knicks have lost 12 of 14 and three in a row . With this win the Celtics extend their home winning streak to an impressive 13 games and their home record to 22 - 10 overall . Boston has been averaging 112 points per game in its last 12 at home and although came up short of that in this one , mounted an impressive rally to overcome an eight - point deficit with four minutes left in the fourth quarter . The Celtics were still down by one when they called time - out with 21 seconds left . Avery Bradley then converted a tough , driving lay - up to go up by one with 17 seconds left and ultimately take the win against a stubborn Knicks squad . Isaiah Thomas was a beast for the Celtics as he led the way with a game - high 32 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 12 - 13 3Pt ) , along with eight assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes . Jae Crowder was solid with 20 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) , eight rebounds and two assists , in 35 minutes , while Evan Turner chipped in 21 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) , eight rebounds and three assists , in 32 minutes off the bench . Boston shot a poor 4 - 20 from distance but managed to hit 45 percent from the field overall . Carmelo Anthony dropped 30 points ( 13 - 27 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , and four assists , in 40 minutes , but it was not enough , as he could not convert his final shot of the game , which would have been for the win . Robin Lopez tallied a double - double with 12 points and 12 rebounds , while Arron Afflalo chipped in 17 points . The Knicks shot a respectable 39 percent from deep and 45 percent overall , limited their turnovers to 10 and assisted on 22 of their 42 field goals in the game but with the loss fall to 2 - 7 under head coach Kurt Rambis . The Knicks head straight back to New_York to host the Pistons on Saturday , while the Celtics head straight to Cleveland to face the Cavs on Saturday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 46 - 22 ) took down the Boston Celtics ( 39 - 29 ) in style on Wednesday , winning 130 - 109 . In an unsurprising turn of events , All-Stars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook led the push from OKC . The pair scored 28 and 24 respectively , with Durant also dishing out a team - high nine assists . Westbrook , meanwhile , had an uncharacteristically strong shooting night , sinking four three - pointers . The dynamic duo has been doing it all this season , with both averaging over 24 points and nearing the top of the league in all measures of performance and efficiency . OKC remains third in the West despite a late - season push from the rising Los Angeles Clippers . Boston has now lost four of its last five outings after a strong 9 - 3 showing in February . The Celtics are without standout small forward Jae Crowder , and the wing 's absence has been felt over the last week . While All-Star Isaiah Thomas contributed 29 points , the Celtics had a poor shooting night on the whole , going just 43 percent from the field . Forward Amir Johnson also had a big night , recording an 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double with five assists as well . The Thunder will play in Philadelphia on Friday night , while the Celtics will travel to Toronto .
The Boston Celtics ( 42 - 30 ) defeated their divisional rival Toronto Raptors ( 48 - 22 ) 91 - 79 on Wednesday at TD Garden . The Celtics have now won three straight contests after snapping a four - game slump in the early part of the month . After falling from the third spot in the East , Boston finds itself clammoring to maintain homecourt advantage for the first round of the playoffs . A win over one of the powerhouse teams in the conference on Wednesday should instill confidence , however , as the Celtics managed to control the game in the second half . All-Star and leading Boston scorer Isaiah Thomas once again topped the box score in points for the Celtics , scoring 23 on the night . However , the true difference maker for the Celtics was former Raptor Amir Johnson , who delivered 11 points on 5 - for - 6 shooting while pulling down 14 rebounds and dishing out five assists . Toronto , meanwhile , is looking to take hold of the top spot in the Eastern Conference down the stretch . The Raptors remain within striking difference of the Cleveland Cavaliers for the conference 's first seed . However , Wednesday 's 35 percent shooting performance did them no favors , as Boston was able to handily walk away with the victory . Rest for All-Star Kyle Lowry hurt the team 's play , as only star guard DeMar DeRozan scored more than 13 on the night . Shoddy 11 - for - 20 shooting at the free - throw line put the nail in the coffin for the underhanded team . Both teams will head West for their next matchup , with Toronto visiting Houston on Friday and Boston taking on Phoenix the next day .
The Boston Celtics ( 46 - 32 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 49 ) on Wednesday , 104 - 97 . The Celtics got all they could handle from a game Pelicans squad that came in to the contest with a revamped lineup . Into the starting five stepped James Ennis for the first time in a Pelicans uniform , while Omer Asik and Toney Douglas made their returns to the first unit as well . Decimated by injuries in the second half of the season , New_Orleans hung tough throughout four quarters against a Boston team that is still jockeying for playoff positioning . The home team was finally able to pull away in the final minute on a clutch block by Amir Johnson on what looked like a gim me layup opportunity for Luke Babbitt , and a subsequent three - pointer by Avery Bradley . The Pelicans ' effort was paced by Douglas , who managed 19 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ennis was next among the starters , tallying 13 points , four rebounds , an assist , and two steals . Ajinca was the third and final member of the starting five to record double - digit points , supplying 10 points , eight boards and three assists . A highly productive night for the bench was spearheaded by the effort of Tim Frazier , who registered 18 points , six assists , five rebounds , two steals and a block . Babbitt contributed 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists , while Jordan Hamilton collected 14 points , six rebounds and an assist . New_Orleans are in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're home to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night . Boston was led by another remarkable effort from Isaiah Thomas , who posted 32 points , eight assists , four rebounds and two steals . Jae Crowder followed with 14 points , three rebounds , an assist and two blocks . Bradley contributed 13 points , six boards , three assists and three steals . Marcus Smart led the bench before leaving with a facial injury , supplying 11 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed . They 're home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday night .
The Boston Celtics ( 47 - 32 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 47 ) 124 - 109 on Friday . The Celtics came in to the game looking to continue piling up victories and potentially improve their playoff seeding . With three remaining games after Friday versus the three teams ahead and behind them in the conference - - - the Hawks , Heat and Hornets - - Boston knew it needed to keep winning to have a chance to maximize its first round matchup . They were able to erase an 11 - point first - half deficit , and take a seven - point lead into intermission that they never surrendered . Milwaukee was led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who tallied 27 points , seven boards , seven assists , a steal and a block . Jabari Parker followed with 18 points , five rebounds and an assist . Rashad Vaughn contributed 12 points , three assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block in another start in place of Jerryd Bayless . Greg Monroe supplied 10 points , eight rebounds and four assists . His backup , Mason Plumlee , outperformed him off the bench , leading the reserves with 16 points , five boards , an assist and three steals over 20 minutes . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Sunday . Boston 's attack was spearheaded by Tyler Zeller off the bench , as he tied a career - high 26 points and also contributed three rebounds , two assists and four blocks over just 25 minutes . Isaiah Thomas was next , leading the starting five with 20 points , three assists , two rebounds and two blocks . Avery Bradley pitched in with 16 points , two rebounds and two assists . Jared Sullinger supplied 15 points , five boards and three assists . Kelly Olynyk was highly productive in a reserve role as well , totaling 16 points , seven rebounds , an assist and two steals . The Celtics continue in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Saturday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 47 - 34 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 47 - 34 ) 114 - 100 on Monday . Both teams came into the game neck - and - neck for the fifth and sixth seeds in the Eastern Conference , with opportunity to still better or worsen their playoff positioning . The Hornets brought Al Jefferson back into the starting lineup in place of Cody Zeller ( chest ) , and he responded with a vintage performance . However , it was a standout effort from Jeremy Lin in 39 minutes off the bench that sparked Charlotte . The Hornets turned the game around on a massive 31 - 3 run over the final eight minutes of the second quarter , and hung on to secure the tough , late - season road win . The Hornets were led by Lin 's 25 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , five assists , five steals and a block . Kemba Walker paced the starting five with 18 points , six assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Jefferson was next with a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two steals and a block . Marvin Williams matched Jefferson 's point total but could only add a rebound , an assist , a steal and two blocks . Troy Daniels also scored in double digits off the bench , tallying 11 points and a rebound . Charlotte is in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , one game behind the division - leading Atlanta Hawks . They 're also slotted in the sixth seed for the moment , and wrap up the season against the Orlando Magic at home on Wednesday . The Celtics were led by a pair of 17 - point efforts from their starting backcourt of Isaiah Thomas and Avery Bradley . The former also supplied four assists , two rebounds and a steal , while the latter registered two rebounds and an assist . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , but the bench saw four players accomplish the feat . The reserves were paced by Evan Turner , who contributed 15 points , seven boards and an assist . Kelly Olynyk followed with 14 points , 11 rebounds and an assist . R.J. Hunter pitched in with 11 points , three rebounds and a steal , while Marcus Smart compiled 10 points , three rebounds and three assists . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and still has a hold of the fifth seed for the moment . They close out their season on Wednesday night at home against the Miami Heat .
Despite trailing by as much as 26 , the Boston Celtics ( 48 - 34 ) took down the Miami Heat ( 48 - 34 ) on Wednesday night , 98 - 88 . With the matchup 's conclusion , the Celtics will own the five seed in the East , while the Heat will hold third . Careful care of the ball proved key for Boston , as the team turned it over just seven times on the night . All-Star Isaiah Thomas was the team 's leading scorer , pouring in 21 on the night . Getting to the line also helped Boston 's case , as the Celtics hit 19 of 22 free - throw attempts on the night . With the win , the young and rising Celtics will hold fifth in the East , being forced to take on last year 's one seed Atlanta Hawks on the road in the first round of the postseason . Miami , meanwhile , is able to maintain the three seed in the East despite the loss . An unprecedented four - way tie leaves Miami top dog , as the team will face the Charlotte Hornets in the first round of the playoffs . While four members of the starting unit scored at least 17 points on Wednesday , the Miami bench contributed just nine points in total . It was a big night for NBA blocks leader Hassan Whiteside , who contributed 19 points and characteristically swatted four shots . Midseason acquisition Joe Johnson also had 19 and took a team - high 19 shots on the night .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 20 ) protected their home court with a win over the Dallas Mavericks ( 1 - 1 ) on Thursday night . Thanks to the Mavericks ' pursuit of DeAndre Jordan in the off - season the resulting `` tug of war '' between the teams over the star center was quite entertaining . Jordan eventually proved his loyalty by staying with the Clippers and he also proved his worth in Thursday night 's game with a strong performance . DeAndre Jordan owned the paint with 15 rebounds , four blocked shots , and of course , some nasty dunks . It was Blake Griffin who led the Clippers offensively with 26 points and 10 rebounds , with Austin Rivers chipping in 14 points on 5 - 10 shooting . Rivers’ participation was questionable due to his cushion - throwing antics during Wednesday’s game , which resulted in a fine but no suspension . Meanwhile , Jamal Crawford scored a cool 15 points on 6 - for - 11 from the field in only 17 minutes . Two of the Mavericks big offseason pickups , Deron Williams and Wesley Matthews , did n't play Thursday night . Williams was out with a non - serious knee contusion , while coach Rick Carlisle decided to rest Matthews on the second night of a back - to - back for precautionary reasons . Matthews is still recovering from surgery on his Achillies in the offseason . Dirk Nowitzki did n't seem to be bothered by playing two games in as many days , contributing 16 points on 5 - for - 15 shooting , in 25 minutes . John Jenkins added 17 points for the Mavericks , while J.J. Barea scored 12 points and dished out nine assists . The Mavericks were lacking offense , and in addition to Williams and Matthews , the team missed the presence of Chandler Parsons ( knee ) . Parsons will hopefully be ready to go for Sunday . With a strong start to the season , the Clippers have a day of rest before hosting the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . Dallas waits until Sunday to face the Los_Angeles Lakers back at the Staples Center .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 30 ) are on a roll , winning 114 - 109 over the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 2 ) notching their third straigh victory . This was a good close game with 10 lead changes . The Cippers had a dominant second quarter , out - scoring the Kings by 11 . However it still went down to the wire as Marco Bellinelli brought the Kings within three points with 15 seconds remaining . At the end of the day it was Blake Griffin who led the way for the Clippers yet again . Griffin filled it up with 37 points on 13 - 22 shooting , also grabbing nine rebounds and dishing six assists . Griffin had plenty of help though , Chris Paul added 17 points , six rebounds and a big 11 assists , while DeAndre Jordan brought it big time with 15 points , 18 rebounds and a whopping seven blocks . J.J. Redick scored 23 points on a hot 8 - 9 shooting , 2 - 2 from deep . Griffin , Jordan , Redick and Paul all played big minutes , each over 35 . Doc Rivers is relying heavily on these guys and is keeping his bench players to limited roles . Sacramento fielded a balanced attack , with six players scoring in double digits and although they played well , it just was not enough to silence the Clippers . The Kings lacked offensive efficiency shooting only 42 percent from the field , Rudy Gay having a part in that with his 8 - 23 shooting , resulting in 20 points . On the bright side Gay did pull down nine rebounds . Rookie Willie Cauley-Stein had a respectable outing with eight points on 3 - 5 shooting , with nine rebounds , three steals and a block . Rajon Rondo shot well , going 9 - 17 on his way to 21 points to go along with eight assists , five rebounds and two steals , although he is getting some competition for the starting point guard roll from Darren Collison off the bench , who played 35 minutes compared to Rondo 's 33 , scoring 15 points and dishing six assists . The Kings do not play until Tuesday , when they host Memphis . The Clippers play Monday , at home , versus Phoenix . Both of these should be very good games and will be an exhibition of the deep West .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 40 ) held off thePhoenix Suns ( 2 - 2 ) on Monday en route to a 102 - 96 victory . Although Phoenix shot only 36 percent as a team , they managed to keep the game close down to the final minutes , but ultimately could not hold off the powerful Clippers . Blake Griffin continued his excellent start to the season by scoring 22 points on 8 - for - 15 shooting and grabbing 10 rebounds . Coach Doc Rivers spread the minutes around in this one , as nine players clocked in 14 minutes or more . Wesley Johnson who played only 14 minutes , but was very efficient with nine points on 4 - of - 5 shooting and three rebounds . Josh Smith provided some spark off the bench with seven points , five rebounds , three assists , and one block . Phoenix gave a good effort on Monday night , but a few instances of poor shot selection and not enough defensive muscle spelled their demise . The Suns had five players scoring double digits , including Markieff Morris with 19 points and eight rebounds , Brandon Knight with 12 points and eight assists , and Eric Bledsoe with 16 points , seven assists , four rebounds , and two steals . Tyson Chander made his presence felt and did what Phoenix brought him there to do by grabbing 17 rebounds and scoring 14 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Next up for the Clippers is a tough match in Golden State on Wednesday , when both teams will be looking to stay undefeated . The Suns will also be back in action on Wednesday as they host Sacramento .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 4 ) took advantage of a 12 - minute dry spell from the Detroit Pistons ' ( 5 - 4 ) offense , coming back from a 17 - point deficit to win 101 - 96 . Los_Angeles power forward Blake Griffin continued his dominant season , posting 34 points , eight rebounds , and nine assists , narrowly missing the triple - double . With point guard Chris Paul ( groin ) hindered by injury , Griffin has come in as the leader of the Clippers ' squad this season . Coming into Saturday 's contest , Griffin was posting season averages of 26 points , 9 rebounds , and 4 assists per game . The absence of Paul as well as shooting guard JJ Redick ( back ) allowed sixth man Jamal Crawford to slide into the starting lineup against Detroit . Crawford was electric , tallying 37 points and eight assists while shooting a perfect 10 - for - 10 from the line . While Griffin and Crawford looked dominant , the real turn of momentum occured in the second half , as the Clippers ' repeated fouling of Detroit center Andre Drummond forced coach Stan Van Gundy to pull him from the game . While Los_Angeles coach Doc Rivers has been an outspoken opponent of the `` hack - a - player '' strategy , the technique worked in the Clippers ' favor on Saturday , effectively neutralizing the dominant Drummond . The 22 - year - old center 's play so far this season had earned him back - to - back Eastern Conference Player of the Week honors . Despite spending much of the final stretch on the bench , Drummond was able to record his ninth straight double - double , posting 18 points and 19 rebounds on the night . Saturday 's game brought Drummond to a total of 173 rebounds through his first nine games , making him the first player to do so since Kareem Abdul-Jabar . While Drummond provided a bright spot for the Pistons , the true story of the game was Detroit 's dismal third - quarter play . The Pistons were outscored 50 - 36 in the second half and were , at one point , kept from the basket for a full twelve minutes . Detroit will hope for a more consistent performance tomorrow as they prepare to play at the Staples Center again , this time against the Lakers . Meanwhile , the Clippers will enjoy a few days of rest as they prepare for a home game against the league - best Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 130 ) did it again on Thursday night , getting the 124 - 117 win over the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 5 ) , this time at the Staples Center . The Clippers had control most of the way , holding a 10 point lead for most of the game . The Warriors cut the lead to one point early in the fourth but the Clippers quickly regained a 10 point lead with about five minutes to go . The Warriors however turned it up one more notch and went on a 25 - 8 point run in the last five minutes , including five made three pointers , to close out the game in decisive fashion . Although listed as doubtful to play Chris Paul made his return to the line - up for the Clippers and played a fantastic game . Paul finished with 35 points on 13 - 22 shooting , eight assists , four rebounds and three steals . Blake Griffin put up solid numbers with 27 points , five assists and six rebounds . Jamal Crawford , who started in place of J.J. Redick ( back spasms ) , finished with 15 points on 6 - 16 shooting , along with five rebounds and two assists . Stephen Curry continued his unbelievable start to the season with another stellar performance that hurdled his team over a formidable opponent in the Clippers . Curry finished with 40 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three steals . Curry did however have an alarming seven turnovers . Klay Thompson backed his Splash-Bro up , adding 25 points , three rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green was yet again flirting with a triple - double as he finished with 19 points , nine assists , and six rebounds . The only other player to score double digits for the Warriors was Harrison Barnes , who contributed a big 21 points and seven rebounds . Next up for the undefeated Warriors will be a date at home with Chicago on Friday night . This will be the second night of a back - to - back for the Warriors and maybe Chicago can take advantage . The Clippers will also be in action Friday , as they visit Portland . The Clips better get their act together and recover from this loss quickly because Portland will surely be ready to steal the W .
The Utah Jazz ( 7 - 7 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 7 - 8 ) 102 - 91 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los_Angeles . Going into halftime tied at 45 , it looked as if this was going to be a grind - it - out , close finish . Instead , the Jazz took control coming out of the half and spoiled the home crowd 's night with an 11 - point victory . The Jazz snapped a two - game losing streak with the victory , while the Clippers have now lost three of their last four outings . Both teams shot the ball well as the Jazz went 51 percent from the field and an impressive 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Clippers finished at 51 percent from the floor and 33 percent from deep . The Jazz had all five starters reach double figures in points . Gordon Hayward led the way , going off for a very efficient 33 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds and three steals . He 's really dialed in his shot recently , shooting over 45 percent from the field over his last three games . The 33 points were also a new season - high for the forward . Derrick Favors had solid showing as well , adding 22 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and three steals over 33 minutes . He 's now averaging 16 points , 9 rebounds and 2 assists so far this season . Pitching in with a double - double , Rudy Gobert finished with 10 points ( 4 - 4 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds . He was in a very tough matchup with All-Star , DeAndre Jordan , but held strong and limited Jordan to just eight points . In injury related news , Trey Burke left with back spasms and was n't able to return . Blake Griffin was one of the lone bright spots for the Clippers , who as a team , recorded a whopping 19 turnovers . Griffin did all he could to put the Clippers on his back , going off for a game - high of 40 points ( 18 - 23 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , while also adding 12 rebounds and two blocked shots . The double - double marked his second straight Wednesday , as he 's combined for 58 points and 22 rebounds during that stretch . On the season , Griffin is leading his team with averages of 25 points , 9 rebounds and 4 assists per game . Chris Paul was the other starter in double figures , and it seemed like he could n't miss a shot . Paul went an impressive 10 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from beyond the arc for 24 points , to go along with five rebounds and eight assists . Chipping in off the bench , Josh Smith was the only other Clipper who had any success Wednesday , as he added 10 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) over 16 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Pelicans on Saturday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 8 - 8 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 12 ) 111 - 90 on Friday . The Clippers looked poised to have a great performance on Friday and they did just that . They were up by 21 points at the half and it was never a contest after that . The difference in the game was as simple as shooting , as the Clippers shot 48 percent while the Pelicans shot just 36 percent . The Pelicans had a nightmare of a game in a nightmare season . Not only did the starters play awful , Anthony Davis left yet again with another injury . It appeared to be some sort of knee injury , but we do n't want to speculate at this juncture . The starting - five was horrendous , as they combined for no blocks , no steals and six assists in the loss . They also scored just 45 points with Davis and Eric Gordon combining for 33 of those . The only bright spot was another strong performance from Ish Smith , who tallied 15 points , 10 assists , four rebounds and two steals in the loss . This is simply a bad team right now and if they do n't have Davis they 're even worse . Whats even worse is that they have to travel to Utah to take on the Jazz in the second half of a back - to - back on Saturday . The Clippers owned the Pelicans in this game , as the starters barely played in the second half . No starter played more than 28 minutes in the win and that 's a good thing considering they play again on Saturday . They got 44 points off the bench , which nearly matched the Pelicans starters . Chris Paul and Blake Griffin were the stars on this evening . Paul accumulated 17 points , eight assists and five rebounds , while Griffin totaled 20 points , six assists and six rebounds . They 'll look to play like this again when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 10 - 8 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 7 - 11 ) 102 - 87 on Monday . There must 've been something in the air , because there were multiple players who left the game with ailments . Damian Lillard didn’t return after halftime because of a sickness and Chris Paul left due to a hip issue . There were also a lot of strange occurrences in this game . DeAndre Jordan set a career - high with 34 free - throw attempts and made just 12 for an atrocious percentage . In a battle of potent offenses , both teams struggled mightily , as they both shot 38 percent from the field and neither cracked 60 percent from the free - throw line . It was a battle of two teams playing poorly right now and that trend continued on Monday . The Trail_Blazers had to play the second half without Damian Lillard and it 's hard enough to win with him in the lineup for a full game . The team had no starter shoot over 50 percent from the field and that makes it even more difficult to win . It appears Lillard wo n't miss any signifant time and that he should be back within a few days . C.J. McCollum put in the best line by tallying 13 points and 10 assists , but he had the lowest plus - minus with a - 20 . The Blazers will look to bounce - back when they take on the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday . Considering that’s the second half of a back - to - back , Lillard 's status is up in the air until we see how he 's feeling on Tuesday . The Clippers lost Paul yet again in this game , but they were able to close out the Blazers to run away with a needed victory . Jordan had an amazing game , despite the fact that he missed an astounding 22 free - throws . He snatched an incredible 24 boards , while scoring 18 points . It 's a great sight to see him rebounding with such force here with his rebounding numbers regressing this season . Blake Griffin also had another nice game , as he collected 23 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the win . If Paul is to miss any serious time , the Clippers will need these big men to keep contributing like this . Los_Angeles will play again on Wednesday when they take on the surging Indiana Pacers .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers 103 - 91 on Wednesday thanks to another fantastic Paul George performance . This wasn’t a pretty game by any means , as there were only two true offensive threats on the floor . What won the game for the Pacers was its stellar defense , as they allowed just 62 points after the first quarter . They also held the Clippers to just 38 percent shooting and 22 percent from three - point range . Both teams took 39 free - throws but the Pacers made 32 of them while Los_Angeles made just 25 . This marks the sixth - straight win for Indiana as well . The Pacers have been carried by George all season and that was the case again on Wednesday . George tallied 31 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and three steals in yet another great game . He is definitely the favorite for Comeback Player of the Year with the way he is playing right now and will even garner some MVP votes if he keeps this up . Indiana also got double - digit points from three of their bench players , as Jordan Hill , Rodney Stuckey and C.J. Miles combined for 41 points . The Pacers will look to build off this win when they take on the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back set . The Clippers had to play this game without Chris Paul and they also lost J.J. Redick in the first minute of this loss . That means that they had to rely on DeAndre Jordan and Blake Griffin . Both big men had subpar games , as they combined for just 21 points . In fact , all the starters combined for just 34 points in a poor performance . Lance Stephenson had his best game of the season though against his former team , as he collected 19 points , three rebounds and three assists in the defeat . Los_Angeles is in a rough stretch right now and things wo n't get better until Paul returns . The Clippers will look to bounce - back when they host the Orlando Magic on Saturday and Paul 's status for that game is unknown at this time .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 10 ) beat the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 17 ) 103 - 90 on Wednesday . The Clippers have been hot lately and they carried that over here in a game they were supposed to win . They won every single quarter in this game , despite allowing the Bucks to outrebound them . The three - ball was a huge difference , as the Clippers went 11 - for - 21 while the Bucks went just 5 - for - 16 . Milwaukee got the to the line only 11 times in this game and they appeared to be playing tired in the second half of a back - to - back . Milwaukee had a historic win earlier in the week against the undefeated Golden State Warriors , but have lost two - straight since . This team has been a nightmare on the road this season , as they are just 2 - 12 away from the BMO Harris Bradley Center . They played with a new starting - five tonight and they played pretty well all things considered . Khris Middleton , O.J. Mayo , Jabari Parker , and Michael Carter-Williams all started and all scored between 14 and 17 points . It 's clear that no point guard presence in really hurting this offense , as they rank 29th in the NBA in scoring . The Bucks will have an extremely tough task in their next game , as they travel to take on the angry Golden State Warriors on Friday after beating them earlier in the week . The Clippers are playing some of their best basketball of the season right now and it 's nice to see them easily win a game they were supposed to . Chris Paul has been the reason for the recent success and he was the hero on Wednesday . Paul tallied 21 points , eight assists and six rebounds in the win . Blake Griffin also played well , as he amassed 15 points , eight rebounds and five assists . The Clippers have now won nine of their last 11 and they 'll look to keep that momentum going against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday .
The Oklahoma city Thunder ( 19 - 9 ) defeated the host Los_Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 13 ) 100 - 99 at Staples Center on Monday thanks to two clutch plays by Kevin Durant in the waning seconds . Durant hit a 19 - footer with 6 seconds remaining to give the Thunder the lead , then blocked a game - winning attempt by Chris Paul at the buzzer to seal the victory . Paul , who totaled 32 points and 10 assists , gave the Clippers a 99 - 98 lead with 10 seconds left on a driving layup , but he could n't overcome Durant , who finished with 24 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Russell Westbrook scored a game - high 33 points to lead the Thunder to their 11th win in 14 games . He added seven assists , five rebounds and three steals . Serge Ibaka totaled 17 points and eight rebounds . J.J. Redick and Blake Griffin both scored 15 for the Clippers , who lost their third straight . The Thunder will play again at Staples Center on Wednesday as they face the Los_Angeles Lakers , whom they beat by 40 points Saturday . The Clippers ' next game is also against the Lakers , on Christmas .
The Charlotte Hornets ' ( 17 - 19 ) struggles continued Saturday , as they lost 97 - 83 to the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 24 - 13 ) . The Clippers , still without star Blake Griffin ( quad ) , have had no problem keeping up , and are now winners of eight straight . In Griffin 's absence , superstar point guard Chris Paul has elevated his play . Paul posted 25 points to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists in the win over Charlotte . The All-NBA and All-Defense guard was an issue for Charlotte on both ends , not only leading the Clippers in scoring but also holding opposing point guard Kemba Walker to just 4 - for - 16 from the floor . Charlotte big man Al Jefferson ( meniscus ) sat the contest out , allowing LA center DeAndre Jordan to have full control of the glass . Jordan posted a game - high 19 rebounds as well as two steals and four blocks . Charlotte , meanwhile , has fallen out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture after starting hot at 10 - 5 . Charlotte has now lost nine of their last eleven , and in the absence of star center Al Jefferson , these problems could persist . Backup guard Jeremy Lin , however was a bright spot for the Hornets . Lin exploded for 26 points , four rebounds , and four assists . The strong effort was not enough , however , to trump the surging Clippers . Charlotte 's luck could take a turn for the better on Sunday , as they take on the struggling Nuggets . The Clippers seem poised to have their hot streak continue as their next game matches them against the underperforming Pelicans on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 25 - 13 ) needed overtime to defeat the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 25 ) 114 - 111 Sunday at Staples Center . Both teams came into this game missing an all - star . The Pelicans were without Anthony Davis who suffered a back contusion during their last game versus Indiana , when he dove into the crowd after a loose ball . Meanwhile , Blake Griffin has missed the last eight games with a partially torn quadriceps muscle . The Clips have managed to stay undefeated in their eight games without Griffin and have now won nine straight in total . The Clippers were up by as many as 12 early in the fourth quarter but the Pelicans battled back to make it a two - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then until J.J Redick hit one of his two free throws , putting the Clippers up by one . New_Orleans had the side - inbound and passed it in to Jrue Holiday near the opposing three - point line . Holiday immediately pulled up for a shot as he felt the defense all over him . Holiday was fouled and hit three free throws to tie the game and send it to OT . It was a back and forth overtime period but Chris Paul and Wesley Johnson came up with some clutch shooting to put the game just out of reach and hand the Pelicans their third straight loss . Paul finished the game with a graceful 25 points ( 10 - 18 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , 11 assists and five rebounds , in 40 minutes . Six other players scored in double digits for the Clippers including Jamal Crawford , who dropped 21 ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with three rebounds and two assists , in 31 minutes off the bench . DeAndre Jordan had a double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds . Wesley Johnson chipped in 15 points , five steals , four rebounds and two assists , in 33 minutes off the bench . Jrue Holiday was huge for New_Orleans as he filled it up with a game - high 29 points ( 11 - 27 FG ) , along with 11 rebounds , four assists , and three steals , in 33 minutes off the bench . Tyreke Evans was huge as well , with 26 points ( 9 - 19 FG ) , seven rebounds and seven assists , in 40 minutes . Ryan Anderson had a double - double with 16 points and 10 rebounds , in 42 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans will stay in L.A. and wait to play the Lakers on Tuesday , while the Clippers will have a few days off before hosting Miami on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 26 - 13 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 22 - 17 ) 104 - 90 , at Staples Center in Los_Angeles , CA on Wednesday . The Clippers came into this game on a nine - game winning streak but none of those wins came against a team with a record better than .500 . The Heat came in having lost three of their last four and in the midst of a six - game road trip , which put them in a tough spot against the streaking Clippers . Now the Clippers boast a 10 - game win streak , which includes one win against a formidable opponent , while the Heat are 1 - 3 on their road trip and have dropped four of their last five . The Clippers dominated the second half of the game , during which they outscored Miami 59 - 38 . DeAndre Jordan sat this one out at the last minute due to illness but Cole Aldrich did a fantastic job filling in at the center position . Aldrich led the team in scoring with 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 5 - 7 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and three assists , in 24 minutes . Chris Paul finished with a double - double consisting of 15 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) and 12 assists , as well as six rebounds and four steals , in 30 minutes . Paul Pierce chipped in a solid 15 points ( 6 - 10 FG . 3 - 7 3Pt ) and nine rebounds , in 21 minutes The Clips kept the turnovers to a minimun , with eight . Miami gave up a horrid 24 turnovers , a problem which contributed to the Clippers getting 24 more field goal attempts in the game . Gerald Green was solid in 32 minutes off the bench , with 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt ) , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . Dwyane Wade finished with 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 9 FT ) , eight rebounds and four assists , however he also tallied an awful seven turnovers . Hassan Whiteside played limited minutes due to a sore knee . He finished with a double - double 10 points and 11 rebounds , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Heat will move on to Devner for the fifth game of their current six - game road trip , on Friday . The Clippers will look to extend their win streak when they host the Kings on Saturday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 27 - 14 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 22 - 21 ) 140 - 132 in overtime at Staples Center on Monday . The Rockets clawed their way back from a 20 - point deficit to begin the fourth quarter by ripping off a 24 - 10 run to end the game , peaking when Marcus Thornton dropped in a game - tying three - pointer with seven seconds remaining in regulation . While Houston took advantage of what was a far too relaxed Clippers squad late in the second half , Thornton’s bench performance was a major spark plug , as he added 23 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting from behind the arc in 22 minutes . Dwight Howard led all Rockets scorers with 36 points , grabbed an absurd 26 rebounds and out muscled DeAndre Jordan ( illness ) , who was overcoming pneumonia in his first game back . James Harden played more to the point guard position than his standard score first mentality , and finished with 20 points and eight assists on only 12 shots in 40 minutes of action . Houston did lose Patrick Beverley early on , as he sprained his ankle , a new ailment from an already beat up ankle injury that kept him sidelined earlier . The Rockets will get a day off before hosting the Detroit Pistons ( 22 - 19 ) on Wednesday . The Clippers set a franchise record with 22 3 - point shots made , spearheaded by JJ Reddick , who set career highs of 40 points and nine treys . Reddick was the definition of lights out shooting ( 11 - of - 19 FG , 9 - of - 12 3PT , 9 - of - 9 FT ) and played a crucial role in the Clippers hanging on to survive in overtime , as the Rockets were not going away lightly . Without Reddick’s clutch free throws down the stretch , Thornton’s game tying 3 - pointer towards the end of regulation may have been enough to complete the comeback . Regardless , it was a well deserved career night for Reddick , who continues to thrive from deep with Blake Griffin ( quad ) sidelined . DeAndre Jordan’s return came with a double - double to the tune of 16 points and 15 rebounds , although he did not seem strong enough to prevent Dwight Howard from almost doubling his own stats . Chris Paul failed to convert the game winning shot as time expired in the 4th quarter , but knocked down clutch baskets in overtime , and contributed 28 points and 12 assists in the win.The Clippers will visit LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 28 - 12 ) on Thursday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 15 - 36 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 32 - 17 ) 108 - 102 at Staples Center on Wednesday . A controversial Wednesday at Staples Center went down after Austin Rivers was ejected for arguing a call and Chris Paul was issued a technical foul with under one minute to play , which stretched the Timberwolves lead to four points . The ensuing possession in crunch time was a mishandled inbound pass off of J.J. Reddick’s foot , all but putting the nail in the coffin for the Clippers , especially after Ricky Rubio dropped a pass between the legs of DeAndre Jordan to an awaiting Karl-Anthony Towns , who finished at the rim . The Timberwolves were led by Andrew Wiggins , who put forth his second back - to - back 30 - plus point performance of his career , and finished with 31 points , four rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting in 36 minutes . Wiggins was on fire in the first half , scoring 21 points and helping the Timberwolves break out of a five game losing streak . Karl-Anthony Towns totaled 17 points and 12 rebounds , which marked his 27th double - double of the season , while Gorgui Dieng added 12 points and 10 rebounds alongside Towns in the frontcourt . The Clippers have owned the Timberwolves over the past few years and took a 14 game winning streak against Minnesota into the contest . It ended up being a frustrating night for Los_Angeles , who had two controversial calls go against them in the game . Austin Rivers ejection is up for debate , as arguing with a referee is always going to hover a thin line , while Chris Paul’s technical foul late in the fourth quarter was simply a bad call . Paul was clicking with DeAndre Jordan in the pick - and - roll all night long , resulting in monstrous Jordan slam dunks , as the point guard finished with 22 points , eight assists and four rebounds , while Jordan added 18 points and 15 rebounds . JJ Reddick had a difficult time finiding a rhythm and totaled a lowly five points on 1 - of - 9 shooting , but Jamal Crawford bailed him out with a strong performance off the bench to the tune of 21 points , most of which coming from the free throw line , where he drained all 10 attempts . The Clippers will vist the Orlando Magic ( 21 - 27 ) on Friday , while the Timberwolves will host the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 21 ) on Saturday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 36 - 18 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 45 - 9 ) 105 - 86 in a grinder of a game on Thursday night . Both teams came into this game with a lengthy lay - off and it was evident by their play . The two teams combined for just 76 points in the first half on 40 percent shooting . In fact , the 34 - point first half for the Spurs was their lowest - scoring half of the season . It was the rebounding that won the game for the Clippers , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Spurs 33 . Los_Angeles finished the game shooting 50 percent , with the Spurs shooting just 42 percent on their end . The Spurs had to play this game without their only 2015 - 16 All-Star and it was clear they missed him . Kawhi Leonard had to miss the game with a calf injury and no one stepped up in his absence . LaMarcus Aldridge scored 10 points , shooting just 3 - for - 12 from the field . Tony Parker led the team with 14 points and dished out four assists in the defeat . San_Antonio has a short turnaround , as they play the Los_Angeles Lakers on Friday in a back - to - back set . The Clippers played one of their best defensive games of the season in a statement win . Chris Paul had a huge night , as he finished the game with 28 points , 12 assists and five rebounds , with 24 of those points coming in the second half . DeAndre Jordan controlled the rebounding , as he snatched down 17 rebounds in the victory . Jamal Crawford continued his good play off the bench , as he totaled 19 points and six assists in the win . Up next for the Clippers is a rivalry game against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 49 - 5 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 36 - 19 ) 115 - 112 at Staples Center on Saturday . On the second game of a back - to - back , the Warriors bounced back following a blowout loss to the Portland Trail Blazers . It was probably a nice change of pace that the Clippers did not have anybody explode for a Lillard-like 51 point performance . Golden_State kept a double figure lead for most of the game , but saw a competitive Los_Angeles team constantly threaten , especially within the final minute of regulation , where Pablo Prigioni almost miraculously shot the Clippers back into the game . With Andrew Bogut ( achilles ) sidelined and Brandon Rush starting in his place , it did open up DeAndre Jordan to dominate the rebounding battle and create beneficial size mismatches for Los_Angeles . The final scoreline is slightly misrepresentative of the overall feel for the game , as the Warriors were the faster , more efficient team . Golden_State was led by Draymond Green , who put together his 11th triple - double of the season with 18 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists on 9 - of - 14 shooting in 38 minutes . Klay Thompson led all scorers and was able to constantly create his own shots . His hot hand pitched in 32 points , seven boards and three assists on 11 - of - 22 shooting , including four baskets from behind the arc . Stephen Curry did most of his damage from the free throw line , but still managed 23 points and nine assists . Chris Paul flashed his premier defense and pure point guard ability throughout his matchup with the reigning MVP , but when the Clippers resorted to their bench , they were outplayed . Paul rounded out the stat sheet with 24 points , seven rebounds and six assists , while shooting guard Jamal Crawford caught fire in the middle of the game , adding 25 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting . Although Crawford came off the bench , he played 37 minutes , as compared to starting shooting guard JJ Reddick , who played 27 minutes . The aforementioned Jordan hauled in 21 rebounds alongside 16 points , while the remainder of the Clippers struggled to score , including Paul Pierce’s lowly two points in 16 minutes of action . Both teams play on Monday , as the Warriors will visit the Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 25 ) , while the Clippers host the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 41 ) .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 37 - 19 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 43 ) 124 - 84 at Staples Center on Monday . The Clippers were able to exploit the Suns defensive breakdowns which eventually led to a 40 points blowout win . Los_Angeles burst out the gate and opened up a 19 point lead by the end of the first quarter . Phoenix was held under 20 points in both the first third quarters , as every matchup was a mismatch . The Suns shot 35 percent as a whole , and were led in scoring by Archie Goodwin , who came off the bench . Goodwin’s 20 points in 37 minutes were far from enough to soften the deficit . Ronnie Price totaled 12 points , five rebounds and three assists , while Devin Booker pitched in a lowly five points to round out the backcourt . Alex Len started at the center position and added 14 points and eight rebounds , but simply got abused by DeAndre Jordan throughout the matchup . The Clippers strolled to victory behind Chris Paul and his 16 points and 14 assists . Paul almost out assisted the entirety of the Suns ( 20 - 14 ) , as he showcased supreme ball movement and spacing . JJ Reddick was on the receiving end of many of Paul’s dimes , and he turned the easy looks into 22 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , including four baskets from behind the arc . DeAndre Jordan dominated the paint and added 17 points and 11 rebounds , while Paul Pierce pitched in 11 points in his starting role . None of the Clippers starters needed more than 27 minutes of game time , as the bench was able to hold the strong lead . Newcomer Jeff Green contributed 18 points , five rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 10 shooting in 24 minutes off the bench , as he highlighted his ability to create off the dribble . The Clippers will continue their homestand and host the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 34 ) on Wednesday , while the Suns host the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 41 ) on Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 23 - 35 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 37 - 20 ) 87 - 81 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The low scoring and poor shooting affair riddled both the Clippers and Nuggets on Wednesday , as neither team broke 40 percent shooting as a unit . Matchup wise , the Clippers had the advantage in two places . One was behind Chris Paul , who had little trouble handling rookie Emmanuel Mudiay , while the other was behind another youngster in Nikola Jokic , who matched up against DeAndre Jordan . Kenneth Faried proved to be the difference maker throughout the game , as he aggressively crashed the glass . Faried was the exception to the poor shooting performance from both teams after scoring 21 points , to go along with 11 rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Mudiay struggled , as expected when matched up against one of the better defensive point guards in Chris Paul , and scored a lowly four points and dished out six assists . The Clippers were able to get well rounded scoring performances from Paul , JJ Reddick and Jamal Crawford , but struggled greatly to see help from the rest of the starters and bench in the points department . Since basketball resumed after the all - star break , this has been a common theme with the Clippers . Paul rounded out the box score with 17 points , 10 assists and six rebounds , while Reddick and Crawford both scored 20 points each . Nobody else in a Clippers uniform was able to register double figures , but Jordan’s 12 rebounds was good to lead all big men in the contest . The Clippers will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 32 ) on Friday , and the Nuggets will play the same day when they visit the Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 28 ) .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 39 - 20 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 43 ) 105 - 95 at Staples Center on Monday . The backcourt proved to be the difference maker for the Clippers , as Chris Paul , Jamal Crawford and JJ Reddick found themselves grooving in the second half . Crawford’s 26 points was good enough to lead all scorers in the contest , as Los_Angeles found success through their three guard lineup , which paired remarkably well with Paul Pierce at power forward and DeAndre Jordan dominating the paint . Paul completed a double - double with 23 points and 12 assists , while JJ Reddick went 3 - of - 5 from behind the arc and totaled 19 points . The combination of the three guard system caused frequent mismatches and opened up Crawford to get hot through iso plays . When the iso - ball became stagnant , Jordan found himself with an open lane to the rim multiple times , leading to 10 points and 10 rebounds . The Brooklyn Nets competed with the Clippers through three quarters of play , and constantly frustrated their opponent behind the play of Brook Lopez . The fourth quarter proved to be dire for the Nets , as they failed to register a basket for the first half of that final period , opening the door for the Clippers to finally pull away . Lopez finished with 25 points , 10 rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 17 shooting to lead Brooklyn in the overmatched contest . Three Nets starters matched Lopez in double figures ( Donald Sloan , Wayne Ellington and Bojan Bogdanovich ) . Ellington left the game early after suffering what might be a possible concussion after colliding with Jordan . The Clippers host the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 42 - 18 ) on Thursday , while the Nets play the second game of a back - to - back and stay in Los_Angeles to face the Lakers ( 11 - 49 ) on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 35 - 28 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 40 - 21 ) 107 - 97 at Staples Center on Saturday . The Hawks demonstrated resiliance throughout the second half matchup after falling behind by double figures early on . Mike Budenholzer received coach of the year honors last season , partly for his ability to adjust midgame , and that was precisely what happened against the Clippers on Saturday . Los_Angeles stormed out to what seemed like a devastating first quarter lead , scoring 37 points on lights out shooting , while Chris Paul assisted on play after play . The Hawks turned the quarter early in the second half after Kent Bazemore , Paul Millsap and Al Horford started a scoring run , and they did not have to look back . Jeff Teague and Millsap led the scoring department for Atlanta after scoring they combined for 42 points in the winning effort . Millsap went ballistic on the glass , grabbing 18 rebounds , to go along with five assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting , while Teague dished out seven assists . Bazemore finished with 17 points , five rebounds and two assists , Horford added a double - double with 11 points and 12 rebounds and Korver buried two baskets behind the arc to round out the starters . Dennis Shroder proved once again his value as a backup point guard , and contributed 16 points in 20 minutes . The Clippers showed balance amongst the starters , but no one player was able to take the lead and help out enough in scoring to counteract the Hawks style . DeAndre Jordan scored 17 points , but was overpowered by Millsap 's rebounding , even though they were not directly matched up against each other . Chris Paul matched Jordan 's 17 points , to go along with 11 assists to complete a double - double . Jeff Green got the starting nod at the forward position and also finished in double figures with 14 points , while Paul Pierce and Kyle Korver also finished with 11 points and 10 points , respectivally . The Clippers will visit the Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 29 ) on Monday , while the hawks will visit the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 33 ) on Tuesday .
The visiting Cleveland Cavaliers ( 47 - 18 ) dealt a crushing blow to the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 42 - 23 ) on Sunday , winning 114 - 90 . The Cavaliers focused on their range in Sunday 's win , hitting 18 three - pointers for 49 percent from long - range . The mark matches Cleveland 's season high in made three - pointers , and sharpshooters J.R. Smith and Channing Frye contributed five makes each . Star LeBron James was the game 's true MVP , however , as he led the contest with 27 points while also pulling down six rebounds and dishing five assists . All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving also chipped in 17 points . The Cavs have now won six of their last seven , and will hope to continue their hot play as the race for first place in the Eastern Conference remains tight . For the Clippers , shooting was an issue , as the team hit just 40 percent from the field . Superstar Chris Paul led the team 's offensive effort , scoring 17 points while simultaneously dishing out 10 assists . Paul continued to take on the brunt of the offensive load for the Clippers , as his partner in crime Blake Griffin remains out with a broken hand . Guard J.J. Reddick also contributed 19 points on efficient 7 - for - 11 shooting . The Cavs will visit Utah on Monday , while the Clips will visit San Antonio on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 44 - 27 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 37 - 36 ) 96 - 94 at Staples Center on Thursday . J.J. Redick capped off a wild fourth quarter with a fading buzzer beater from just inside the three point line . Chris Paul inbounded the ball with a pretty between the legs pass , as Redick came off a DeAndre Jordan screen , which sent Staples Center into a frenzy . The fourth quarter was a roller coaster for Los_Angeles , as they went from letting the game slip away , to rallying behind an inspired Jamal Crawford . Prior to Redick’s bucket , Damian Lillard , in typical late game fashion , buried a contested step - back three to take a three point lead , but Crawford answered right back with a deep , high arcing trey to tie the game . Los_Angeles looked gassed during most of the second half , and Portland had them playing ugly basketball , which they took advantage of throughout the third quarter . Jamal Crawford was pivotal down the stretch , and finished with 25 points on 3 - of - 6 shooting from deep in 33 minutes off the bench . Reddick added a 11 points in his starting role , but his lone three pointer came at the most needed moment of the game . Paul added 25 points , five rebounds and seven assists , but his biggest play of the game came on the possession before the game winner , where Paul played tremendous defense disallowing Lillard to get the ball when the Blazers needed him most . DeAndre Jordan completed a double - double with 12 points and 13 rebounds , while Paul Pierce went scoreless on five shots in his 14 minutes of action . Lillard lives for the fourth quarter , and almost sucked the life out of the Clippers when he hit the game tying three , but leading up to that point , he came close to shooting his team out of contention . The Portland point guard finished with 18 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting . The absence of Meyers Leonard ( shoulder ) , who received season ending shoulder surgery , proved to be troubling for coach Terry Stotts , as he had to heavily rely on his other bigs in moments where Leonard was growing accustomed to playing . Mason Plumlee saw increased playing time , and added 11 points and six rebounds , while C.J. McCollum scored 17 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . The Blazers will host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 63 ) on Saturday , while the Clippers will welcome the Denver Nuggets ( 30 - 42 ) on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 45 - 27 ) defeated the visiting Denver Nuggets ( 31 - 43 ) 105 - 90 , Sunday afternoon at Staples Center . The Nuggets entered Sunday winners of three of their last four , while the Clippers had lost three of four , however the trends did not continue as the Clippers downed the Nuggets , defending home court and clinching a playoff berth for the fifth year in a row . Clippers sit comfortably in fourth place , 5 games ahead of Memphis , while Denver needs to go nearly perfect in the rest of its games in order to have a shot at eighth . The Nuggets ' window of opportunity is closing , as they play two of their next three games on the road , where they are now 14 - 24 . Six players scored in double digits , while 11 players logged over 10 minutes and no starters played more than 30 minutes for the Clippers as they used a sound team effort in the victory . DeAndre Jordan finished with 16 points , 16 rebounds , six blocked shots , two assists and two steals , while Chris Paul added 14 points , nine assists , six rebounds , one steal and one block , to lead the team . The Clippers shot 48 percent from the field and gave up 15 turnovers but also forced Denver into 15 turnovers , while holding them to only 39 percent shooting from the field and 24 percent from long range . The Nugget 's bench out - scored their starters 62 - 28 . D.J Augustin was solid in 34 minutes off the bench , with 18 points and 10 assists . Jusuf Nurkic added 19 points , seven rebounds and three assists , in 24 minutes off the bench . Gary Harris was the only starter to score in double digits , as he chipped in 11 points in 29 minutes . Next , the Nuggets host Dallas on Monday , in a game that can make or break either team 's playoff hopes . The Clippers host the Celtics on Monday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 48 - 28 ) beat the Washington Wizards ( 37 - 40 ) 114 - 109 on Sunday in All-Star Blake Griffin 's return from injury and suspension . Veteran star Chris Paul led the way for the Clippers with 27 points and 12 assists , adding clutch baskets in the final minutes to secure the Los_Angeles victory . All eyes , of course , were on All-Star Blake Griffin in his first game back from his extended absence . After suffering a broken hand in a quarrel with the team equipment manager and serving a subsequent suspension for the fight , Griffin showed signs of rust on Sunday , finishing the game with just six points and five rebounds . Still , the All-NBA forward looked like his old self in his first points of the game , finishing a massive alley - oop from Chris Paul . The Clippers currently sit at fourth place in the West , a position that looks unlikely to change before the season 's end . For the Wizards , a second - round playoff team in 2014 - 15 , the season looks unlikely to end in another trip to the postseason . The tenth - place Wizards sit three games below .500 , and remain unlikely to secure the eighth seed before the season 's close . All-Star John Wall dished out a game - high 13 assists , while Marcin Gortat led the team with 21 points . The team blocked just one shot on the night and forced only 11 turnovers , generally struggling on the defensive end . The Clippers will see a same - city matchup on Tuesday against the Lakers . The Wizards , meanwhile , will host the struggling Nets on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 49 - 28 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 61 ) at Staples Center on Tuesday , 103 - 81 . Not long ago , the final score of this game would have favored the Lakers , but over the past few seasons , the Clippers have had little trouble handling their hometown opponents . The Lakers shot their way out of contention early in the game , and the theme continued throughout the remaining quarters . As a unit , Kobe Bryant and company shot 31 percent from the floor with only two starters finishing in low double figures . Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell looked completely out of whack and combined for just 22 points on 8 - of - 30 shooting , while Bryant finished with a lowly six points on 2 - of - 12 shooting . Clarkson did get his right foot and leg stepped on during a scrap and will receive x - rays . Initial reports suggest he is doubtful for the rematch against the Lakers on Wednesday . The remaining starters , Roy Hibbert and Julius Randle , did not make a field goal . The Clippers were led by Chris Paul and Jeff Greene’s impressive showing off the bench . Paul finished with 25 points , four rebounds and eight assists on a lights out 10 - of - 14 shooting , while Greene added 21 points in 31 minutes . Blake Griffin is still getting accustomed to being back on the court , and struggled in his second game back from injury/suspension . The all - star forward scored only four points on 1 - of - 5 shooting , but only played 16 minutes , as Doc Rivers gets slowly adds more minutes each game back . DeAndre Jordan dominated the glass on his way to 14 rebounds . The Clippers shot 51 percent as a unit and sliced their way through multiple Lakers defensive breakdowns as reflected by their 26 team assists . The Staples Center will host another installment of the Clippers against the Lakers on Wednesday , with the latter getting the technical home game .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 53 - 28 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 39 ) at Staples Center on Tuesday , 110 - 84 . The Clippers shot lights out from the field , spread the ball , limited minutes as a whole and had six members finish in double figures on their way to a relatively easy win to close out their last home game of the regular season . J.J. Redick left the game with a bruised left heel , and it is unlikely that he will play in the Clippers ' final game of the season Wednesday , but initial reports suggest it is only a minor setback before the playoffs . Before exiting , Redick added 11 points on three treys in just under 13 minutes . Chris Paul led the way with 12 points and 13 assists in 26 minutes , while Blake Griffin contributed 12 points , seven rebounds and four assists in 23 minutes . Jeff Green and Paul Pierce combined for 24 points off the bench and each saw a share of 20 - plus minutes . The Grizzlies were unable to find shot selection around the perimeter and finished 25 percent as a unit from behind the arc . The loss puts the 5 - seed in the Western Conference in the hands of the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , as a Blazers win locks the series against the Clippers in the first round of the playoffs , while the Grizzlies would be dealt the Oklahoma City Thunder or San Antonio Spurs . It is impressive that the Grizzlies barely moved position , even with the onslaught of injuries to Dave Joerger’s team . Zach Randolph led all Memphis scorers with just 14 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , and added four rebounds , while the remaining starters were left below double figures . Chris Paul almost out - assisted the entirety of the Grizzlies , as they finished with just 16 as a whole after ball movement seemed stagnant . The Grizzlies need to win on the road against the Golden State Warriors ( 72 - 9 ) on Wednesday and receive help from both the Blazers and Mavericks to solidify a stronger seed in the playoffs . The Clippers close out the season on the road against the Phoenix Suns ( 22 - 59 ) .
The Cavaliers came out hot and stayed hot in their 106 - 76 victory over the Grizzlies , led by Kevin Love 's game high 17 points . After losing their season opener Tuesday to Chicago , Cleveland atoned in an easy win versus Memphis . They went up 26 - 10 in the first quarter and never looked back , outscoring the Grizzlies in every quarter the rest of the way . Richard Jefferson , Jared Cunningham , and Matthew Dellavedova all scored in double figures off the bench . Love grabbed 13 rebounds to go along with his 17 points to record the only double - double of the game . LeBron James added 12 points , seven rebounds , five assists , and three steals in 31 minutes . After playing 25 minutes Opening Night , Tristan Thompson received 20 minutes Wednesday and appears to be settling nicely after missing almost all of the preseason while in contract negotiations . Cleveland welcomes Miami into town Friday night . Memphis did n't have much going for them Wednesday and was led by Zach Randolph and Marc Gasol with 12 points each . The Grizzlies will look to bounce back Thursday in Indiana .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 90 ) handled the Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 6 ) yet again in a 100 - 84 victory on Wednesday . After a 50 - point loss just nine days ago , the Grizzlies put in another poor performance against the Warriors on Wednesdaym as they lost by 17 . It all started with a 26 - 15 first quarter and the Warriors did'nt look back after that . The Golden_State defense absolutely stifled Memphis in this game , as the Grizzlies shot just 34 percent , while shooting just 3 - of - 15 from three - point range . The Warriors have one of the best defenses in the NBA and the Grizzlies have one of the worst offenses , so this was simply a mismatch of epic proportions . The Warriors were once again led by MVP Steph Curry , as he recorded 28 points , five rebounds , five assists and five steals in the victory . Golden_State also got another nice performance from Harrison Barnes , who tallied 19 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals . This is such a scary team right now , considering Klay Thompson has been struggling and the Warriors have been playing without their head coach Steve Kerr . The sky is the limit for this young team and after winning the title last season , it 's a nightmare for the rest of the league that they are possibly better this year . They 'll look to stay undefeated against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back . The Grizzlies offense continues to be putrid , as they nearly matched their turnover total ( 21 ) with the amount of baskets they made ( 24 ) in this game . This team thrives on its defense and this is now the fifth game they have allowed at least 100 points so far this season . If they ca n't hold teams under 100 points with the offense they have , they simply ca n't win enough games to compete in the Western Conference . One bright spot in the loss has to be center Marc Gasol , who scored a season - high 26 points while grabbing seven boards in the defeat . The Grizzlies also made 33 - of - 36 free - throws in the loss , which is an impressive feat in its own right . Memphis will be happy not to face the Warriors for a while , as they 'll host the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday in their next scheduled matchup .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 6 - 6 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 6 - 5 ) Monday 122 - 114 at the FedExForum in Memphis . After what was a slow start to the season , the Grizzlies have now won three straight games , none bigger than this one against the Thunder . They used a high - scoring , 43 - point fourth quarter to ultimately pull away . Mike Conley was as great a floor leader as one could ask for , finishing with 22 points and nine assists in 31 minutes , but it was Conley’s backup that really stole the show . The newly - acquired Mario Chalmers came off the bench to score an incredibly efficient 29 points in just 23 minutes , and he did most of his damage at the charity stripe , where he shot 13 - of - 15 for the game . Zach Randolph played big on the block , managing a double - double of 12 points and 10 rebounds . For the Thunder , they dropped their second consecutive game as Kevin Durant continues to nurse a hamstring injury . In his absence , Westbrook exploded for a game - high 40 points and 14 assists in 39 minutes , but it wasn’t nearly enough as OKC simply didn’t have an answer for the Grizzlies’ offensive attack . Serge Ibaka managed 18 points and nine rebounds in 35 minutes , while Enes Canter had 16 points and seven rebounds despite only playing 17 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Grizzlies will stay home Friday to take on the Rockets , while the Thunder head home Wednesday to play the Pelicans .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 7 - 6 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 5 - 8 ) 96 - 84 thanks to a Gasol triple - double on Friday . In a battle of two struggling Western Conference teams , the Grizzlies prevailed thanks to a triple - double from Marc Gasol . This was the good old Memphis defense of the past , as they held the Rockets to under 38 percent shooting and won the turnover battle 23 - 11 . The Grizzlies also outassisted the Rockets 26 - 15 in what ended up being a lopsided game . If it weren’t for a prayer from Corey Brewer in their last game , the Rockets would have lost their sixth - straight game tonight . There 's a lot of holes on this team right now , as they are shooting poorly , playing bad defense and now playing team - ball . The team was led by James Harden , who tallied 22 points , six rebounds and five assists in the loss . Dwight Howard had another solid game as well , as he totaled 12 points and 15 boards in the defeat . The firing of coach Kevin McHale was a questionable decision and games like this make it look even more questionable . Houston will look to play better against the New York Knicks on Saturday , as both teams are playing the second half of a back - to - back set . This was definitely the Grizzlies best performance of the season , as they got it done on both ends . Not only did they play good offense , they stifled a potent Rockets offense . Memphis were led by a career - performance from Marc Gasol , who tallied 16 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists and four steals in a spectacular game . Mike Conley was also very good , as he collected 26 points , five assists , three rebounds and three steals in the win . Hopefully this is the start of a good run for Memphis , as they played this game without Zach Randolph , who is dealing with some knee swellness . Memphis will take on the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back for both teams .
The Memphihs Grizzlies ( 10 - 8 ) almost got caught sleeping by the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 18 ) but woke up just in time get the 92 - 84 win . Philadelphia led 76 - 71 with 7:38 left in the fourth quarter but Memphis sprung to life and went on a 21 - 8 run from that point on . The 6ers have now tied the worst start ever by an NBA team , 0 - 18 . Phili was moving the ball well as a team and finished with 23 assists for 30 made field goals . Isaiah Canaan led the way in scoring for the 76ers , with 16 points , although on poor 5 - 15 shooting . Jahlil Okafor struggled shooting as well , going 3 - 11 from the field but still finished with nine points and a big 13 rebounds . Robert Covington contributed 12 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a greedy seven steals . Covington however , had eight turnovers . The Grizzlies ' late surge propelled them to the win and allowed them to remain comfortably in the top eight in the West . Mike Conley led the way in scoring with 20 points , five assists , four rebounds and two blocked shots . Zach Randolph posted a double double with 17 points and 11 rebounds . Matt Barnes came up big off the bench , helping to spark the Grizzlies ' late rally and finished with 13 points , five assists , eight rebounds and two steals . Marc Gasol chipped in nine points , 12 rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Next up Memphis will be playing in New Orleans on Tuesday night . The 76ers will look to avoid making history on Tuesday when they host the Los Angeles Lakers . A loss would leave the 76ers with the worst start in NBA history .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 16 - 4 ) dominated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 11 - 9 ) on Thursday , winning 103 - 83 . Spurs star Kawhi Leonard continued his dominant breakout season , torching the Grizzlies for 27 points on extremely efficient 9 - for - 13 shooting , including 7 - for - 9 from beyond the three - point line . Leonard paired the impressive scoring outburst with his well - known lockdown defense , recording two steals and a block and playing a stellar game on both sides of the ball . On a less positive note , shooting guard Danny Green 's woes from the field continued , as he shot 0 - for - 5 and recorded just two points on the game . The whole Grizzlies squad , meanwhile , struggled from the field , shooting a paltry 38 percent including just 2 - for - 16 from deep . While the Grizzlies are not known as a three - point shooting team , Thursday 's contest marked one of their worst efforts of the season from beyond the arc . Memphis had been rising up the ranks of the Western Conference leading up to the game ; however , the powerhouse Spurs simply seemed to outmatch them on both sides of the ball . The Spurs remain the second seed in the Western Conference , extending their lead over Oklahoma City by yet another game . San_Antonio will look to continue their hot start as they prepare to take on Boston on Saturday . The Grizzlies , meanwhile , will hope to bounce back from the loss as they face off against Phoenix on Sunday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 13 - 8 ) ran circles around the Memphis Grizzlies ( 12 - 10 ) on Tuesday , winning 125 - 88 . After getting off to a 59 - 47 lead in the first half , the Thunder ran away with the game in the third quarter , dominating the Grizzlies 39 - 16 . Per usual , the dynamic duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook led the way for OKC . Despite not playing in the fourth quarter of the blowout , both superstars posted big numbers . Durant shot the lights out , hitting 11 of 14 from the floor en route to a game - high 32 points . The scoring outburst was accompanied by 10 rebounds , six assists , and a trio of steals . Westbrook , meanwhile , took on the role of facilitator for the Thunder offense , making way for Durant 's hot hand . The All-Star point guard tallied 16 assists while also recording 13 points on efficient 5 - for - 7 shooting . The Grizzlies , however , saw disappointing play across the board . Star big men Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph simply could n't get the job done on the offensive end , combining for just 20 points . It seemed that no one on Memphis could get their shots to fall , as the Grizzlies shot just 41 percent from the field and knocked down only three three - pointers . The team also looked helpless on the defensive end , as they could do nothing to stop their opponents from knocking down their shots . OKC shot a whopping 56 percent from the field including 50 percent from beyond the arc . Memphis sits towards the middle of the pack of Western Conference playoff contenders . They will hope to push themselves up in the rankings in the second half of their back - to - back , as they travel to Detroit on Wednesday to take on the Pistons . Things look brighter for the third - seed Thunder , as they have two superstars both playing at a high level . Their next contest will come at home on Thursday against Atlanta .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 14 - 12 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 10 - 13 ) Monday 112 - 95 at the FedExForum in Memphis . The game was essentially won in the first 36 minutes , as by the end of the third quarter , the Grizzlies held a 22 - point lead and the hole was simply too much for the Bradley Beal-less Wizards to overcome . Marc Gasol led the way for Memphis in the winning effort , stuffing the stat sheet on his way to recording 24 points , 12 rebounds and six assists in 39 minutes . But Gasol was just one of six Grizzlies - including all five starters - to score in double figures Monday night . Matt Barnes had an impressive outing of 20 points and six rebounds , Mike Conley recorded a double - double of 18 points and 11 assists , while Jeff Green and Courtney Lee each scored 15 points . Mario Chalmers ( 12 ) was the sixth and final Memphis player to reach double digits , playing 19 minutes off the bench . For the Wizards , it was Gary Neal who led the way on a night where the Washington starters struggled mightily , as he scored 24 points in 31 minutes off the bench . It was not star point guard John Wall’s night , as he managed to shoot a poor 2 - of - 11 from the field en route to recording six points and nine assists in 28 minutes . Jared Dudley ( 14 ) and Marcin Gortat ( 10 ) were the only starters to score in double figures , while Ramon Sessions scored 14 points in 26 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Grizzlies will travel to Chicago Wednesday to take on the Bulls , while the Wizards will head to San Antonio Wednesday to play the Spurs .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 17 - 16 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 26 ) 112 - 96 on Sunday . The Grizzlies seem to have discovered a successful formula with their current frontcourt rotation . Coach Dave Joerger moved veteran Zach Randolph to the bench nine games ago , promoting Matt Barnes and Jeff Green to the starting lineup in the process . Since the personnel shift , Randolph has tallied six double - digit scoring performances , while receiving a few extra minutes of valuable rest each night . Meanwhile , both Barnes and Green have put together some productive outings with the additional playing time . Sunday provided a tangible example of the positive results the rotation has brought , with Randolph producing 16 points , three rebounds and a steal over just 20 minutes . Green amassed 17 points and four rebounds himself , while Barnes only managed a modest five points , but hauled in eight boards . The Grizzlies also outscored the Lakers in the paint by the comfortable margin of 44 - 28 , and outrebounded them on the defensive glass , 34 - 28 . The visitors also received solid efforts from three other members of their starting five , Marc Gasol , Mike Conley and Courtney Lee . Gasol pitched in 16 points and added six rebounds and a steal , while the pair of guards combined for 32 points , six rebounds , eight assists and five swipes . Randolph 's aforementioned 16 points paced the Memphis bench , and Mario Chalmers joined him as the other double - digit scoring reserve with 11 points . The backup point guard supplemented his scoring with seven assists and a steal over the season - high 29 minutes he received . The Grizzlies improved their record to 17 - 16 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to face the Miami Heat on Tuesday . The Lakers could not follow up their scrappy Christmas Day effort versus the Clippers with a similar performance . They fell into a 59 - 46 hole by halftime , and although they showed some life after intermission , the outcome of the game was never truly in question . Kobe Bryant did continue his stretch of considerably improved play by leading the Lakers with a 19 - point tally on 6 of 15 shooting . He added three assists and a pair of rebounds , and now has 10 straight double - digit scoring games . Rookie Larry Nance , Jr. turned in a notable performance of his own , contributing a career - high 17 points and hauling in 11 boards for his first career double - double . Jordan Clarkson was the only other starter with double - digit points , pouring in 12 and adding three assists and a pair of rebounds . 2015 first - round pick D'Angelo Russell paced the Lakers ' reserves with 10 points , three assists and a steal , his third consecutive double - digit scoring effort . Los_Angeles fell to 5 - 26 and remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Charlotte for a Monday showdown with the Hornets .
The Houston Rockets ( 20 - 19 ) moved back over .500 for the first time since Dec. 21 with a victory Wednesday night over the Memphis Grizzlies ( 21 - 19 ) at FedEx Forum , 107 - 91 . Terrence Jones exploded for 10 of his 20 points in a decisive 35 - 22 fourth quarter for the Rockets , his first 20 - point game since doing it twice in a row back on November 13 and 14 . The Grizzlies worked their way back from a six - point deficit to begin the fourth quarter to tie it at 80 - 80 , but one of Jones 's two three - pointers of the period remaining gave the Rockets an 86 - 83 lead with 7:13 remaining , and they would n't relinquish it . Rockets star James Harden led all scorers with 25 points behind four three - pointers and a clean 9 - 10 performance from the free throw line . Dwight Howard 's 14 rebounds led all players , and he added 17 points on a sharp 6 - 10 shooting ( including a rare perfect 5 - 5 night from the free throw line ) . The Rockets shot a ludicrous 18 - 35 ( 51 percent ) from the three - point line , too much shooting for the Grizzlies to overcome . Marc Gasol 's 20 points on 8 - 15 shooting led the Grizzlies . Tony Allen added 17 points and Courtney Lee scored 16 , each on 6 - 12 shooting nights . But the Grizzlies just could n't produce enough offense to stay with Houston 's vicious three - point attack , despite a decent night from downtown themselves ( 7 - 18 , 39 percent ) . The Rockets return home Thursday night to take on Minnesota . Memphis will continue their homestand Friday night against the Pistons .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 22 - 19 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 18 ) 103 - 101 at FedEx Forum on Thursday night . A wild fourth quarter made for an exciting finish in Memphis . The Grizzlies entered the fourth up by eight and even extended that lead to as many as 13 but Detroit did not flinch and quickly rallied back to take the lead , with seven minutes to go . The Pistons got up by as many as eight in the fourth but found themselves up 101 - 96 with three minutes left . From there until the end of the game Mario Chalmers was the only player to record any points , as he scored seven straight . First a lay up , then he got fouled on a three and hit all three free throws , tying the game at 101 . Then after a steal by Matt Barnes , he managed to hit a wild jumper and was fouled , putting Memphis up 103 - 101 with .8 seconds on the clock and Chalmers at the line . Mario missed the free throw on purpose , in order to allow the clock to expire , improving the Grizzlies home record to 14 - 7 . Matt Barnes was back in the line up after missing one game with a thumb contusion . Barnes ' 18 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 6 - 6 3Pt ) , including sizzling 6 - 6 shooting from long range , three rebounds and two steals played an integral role in Memphis grinding out this victory . Mario Chalmers led all scorers , with 25 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , along with eight assists , four steals and three rebounds , in 41 minutes . Chalmers started in place of Mike Conley , who missed his fifth game with a sore left achilles . Marc Gasol struggled shooting but still finished the game with 19 points ( 8 - 20 FG ) , five rebounds and four assists , in 37 minutes . Detroit had six players score in double digits . Stanley Johnson led the Pistons in scoring with 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt ) , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes off the bench . Ersan Ilyasova had 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) , nine rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes , while Andre Drummond finished with 11 points and 11 rebounds , in 33 minutes . As a team the Pistons gave up 20 turnovers . The Pistons have now lost two in a row and will need to shape up quick before they fall out of the top eight in the East . The Pistons will be heading home to host the Golden State Warriors on Saturday . Another loss would put Detroit 's position in the top eight in jeopardy . The Grizzlies will host the Knicks on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 27 - 20 ) earned an emphatic 103 - 83 victory over the visiting Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 28 ) at FedEx Forum on Thursday . The Grizzlies have sat comfortably at fifth in the Western Conference for the majority of the season , and Thursday 's win only solidifies the team 's spot in the rankings . Memphis 's reputation as a grind - it - out defensive team came to fruition against the Bucks , as they held Milwaukee to a platry 37 percent from the field . On offense , however , Memphis shot a respectable 48 percent . Sixth man Jeff Green delivered a 21 - point spark off the bench , while center Marc Gasol notched 15 points , eight rebounds , and four assists . Milwaukee 's loss puts the team even further outside the playoff picture in the Eastern Conference . While center Greg Monroe posted a much - needed 21 points , the rest of the Bucks simply could not find the basket : Giannis Antetokounmpo went just 2 of 10 from the field , while Khris Middleton shot 6 for 18 on the night . The team 's scoring troubles were compounded by their inability to hit from deep ; Milwaukee hit just one three - pointer on the night . The Bucks face the second half of a back - to - back on Friday , as they return home to host the Miami Heat . Memphis , meanwhile , sees action Sunday against the surging Sacramento Kings .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 28 - 20 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 27 ) 121 - 117 at FedEx Forum on Saturday . DeMarcus Cousins left the game late in the fourth quarter after injuring his left leg under the basket , but was a key part in sparking a failed comeback effort throughout the final period . The Kings fell behind early in the game and allowed the Grizzlies to pile on a 20 - point lead . Cousins did most of his damage from the free throw line , and finished with 17 points and 14 rebounds before exiting the game . Rudy Gay found a rhythm late in the game , knocking down jumper after jumper to dent the double digit lead and pull the game within two points with 5:0 remaining in the fourth quarter . Gay finished with 21 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Rajon Rondo fouled out of the game , which dealt a heavy blow to the Kings chances with their two superstars sidelined , but rounded out the box score with 15 points , eight assists and six rebounds . The Kings will host the MIlwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 29 ) on Monday . Memphis got off to a hot start behind Tony Allen and Jeff Green , who outpaced the Kings up and down the court throughout the first quarter . The Grizzlies started to break down defensively during the fourth quarter , and DeMarcus Cousins was simply bullying his way to the free throw line , but Courtney Lee was clutch from the charity stripe when Sacramento needed to foul . Jeff Green led all scorers with 29 points , two rebounds and two assists , while Tony Allen earned most of his 12 points early and added five rebounds . Marc Gasol led the front court and finished with six points and five rebounds on 7 - of - 14 shooting on 34 minutes . The Grizzlies will visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 28 ) on Monday .
In a matchup of two Southwestern Division rivals that look bound for the playoffs , the Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 25 ) beat out the Memphis Grizzlies ( 30 - 21 ) in overtime , 114 - 110 . Small forward Chandler Parsons proved to be a key difference - maker in Saturday 's matchup , as he led the game with 26 points . Parsons was lights - out from the field , shooting 10 - for - 15 including 5 - for - 8 from beyond the arc . After beginning the season hampered by injuries , Parsons has begun to settle in since mid - January , and is now averaging 20 points in his last 10 outings . Also integral to the Dallas win was point guard Deron Williams , who served as an offensive general with 22 points and 11 assists dished out . As a whole , Dallas thrived behind the arc , hitting 15 three - pointers against a Grizzlies team notorious for poor shooting from deep . Memphis has held steady in the fifth slot in the Western Conference throughout the season . The `` grit and grind '' team shot an impressive 50 percent from the field , but could not seem to stop Dallas 's deadly three - point shooters . Big men Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph led the offensive effort , posting 22 points and 20 points respectively . Randolph also notched a double - double , pulling down 14 rebounds . The Grizzlies will host the Trail Blazers on Monday . Dallas will have more rest , as the Mavs do n't see the court until they face Utah on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 26 - 27 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 30 - 22 ) 112 - 106 in overtime on Monday night . There wasn’t a whole lot to decipher these two teams on the stat sheet , as nearly every statistic was tight . Both teams hovered around 50 percent shooting in a surprisingly offensive game . The key for Portal was the bench production , as they got 47 bench points to the Grizzlies 31 . Portland looked dead and buried late in the fourth quarter , but made a tip - in with less than a second left to send this one into overtime . Damian Lillard was the star of the show , as he tallied 33 points , four rebounds and five assists in the victory . C.J. McCollum was great as well , as he amassed 21 points , six assists and three rebounds . The Trail_Blazers will play the Houston Rockets in their last game before the All-Star break on Wednesday . Memphis has been playing great lately , but they lost more than a game here . Marc Gasol left after 10 minutes of action due to a foot injury . Zach Randolph did step up in his absence though , as he scored 26 points to go along with nine rebounds . Mike Conley led the team with 27 points , but no other player scored more than 12 in the loss . On deck for Memphis is a date with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 36 - 24 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 35 ) 104 - 98 on Wednesday . The statistics would indicate a Sacramento win , but they simply couldn’t do enough to pull out a big road victory . The Kings outshot the Grizzlies 48 percent to 44 percent and outrebounded them 44 to 37 . Sacramento also dominated the assisting numbers , as they dished out 31 assists to Memphis ' 20 . The key for the Grizzlies was their free - throw shooting , as they went 29 - for - 33 , with the Kings going just 11 - for - 20 . Despite trailing by 16 at the half , the Kings made a valiant effort in a close game . DeMarcus Cousins struggled with his shot , but still finished with 18 points , 16 rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks in the loss . The bench was solid as well , with Marco Belinelli and Darren Collison combining for 33 points . Rajon Rondo did a great job of setting up the offense , as he handed out 17 assists to add to his league - leading total . Sacramento has a quick turnaround , as they play the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday in their next game . Memphis didn’t play their best game here , but they continued their winning ways . Mike Conley was huge , as he tallied 24 points , five assists and three steals in the win . Zach Randolph also played well , as he amassed 19 points and eight rebounds . JaMychal Green and Mario Chalmers gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as they each scored 15 points and snatched three steals a price . Up next for Memphis is a matchup against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 46 ) earned a road win over the Memphis Grizzlies ( 37 - 25 ) Sunday afternoon at FedExForum , 109 - 100 . The Grizzlies led for much of the first half and took a six - point advantage into the halftime break . But the Suns exploded out of the break with a 25 - 6 run that included a four - minute scoreless drought by the Grizzlies . The Suns took an 11 - point lead into the final frame and the Grizzlies couldn’t even trim the deficit below five points in the fourth quarter . Suns guard Devin Booker led all scorers with 27 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 4 - 11 3PT , 7 - 7 FT ) and added nine assists as he powered the Phoenix offense . Alex Len notched a double - double with 19 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 9 - 13 FT ) and 16 rebounds to go with six assists and a pair of blocks . Mirza Teletovic scored 18 in just 20 minutes off the bench behind 4 - 7 shooting on three - pointers . He was just part of Phoenix’s lights out shooting , as they shot 52 percent from the floor and a sharp 12 - 28 ( 42 percent ) from deep . Mike Conley’s 22 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3PT , 5 - 6 FT ) led the Grizzlies . Matt Barnes was the only other Memphis starter in double figures with 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 4 - 6 3PT ) . The Grizzlies offense sputtered despite a solid 10 - 22 ( 46 percent ) shooting performance from three - point land , as they just couldn’t get it going inside . Memphis shot just 22 - 58 ( 38 percent ) on two - point shots . Conley , Barnes and Jeff Green , who scored 17 points on 5 - 7 shooting off the bench , were the only Grizzlies to shoot at least 50 percent . The Suns return home to host the Knicks on Wednesday . The Grizzlies head on the road for a Monday matchup against the Cavaliers .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 22 - 46 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 29 ) Wednesday night at FedExForum , 114 - 108 . The final score made this one look closer than it was , as the Timberwolves opened up a 17 - point lead with a 42 - 25 first quarter , and the Grizzlies did n't pull any closer than nine points until late in the fourth quarter . Minnesota 's largest lead was 20 in the third quarter as Memphis 's lineup was exceptionally thin - - with Mike Conley , P.J. Hairston and Marc Gasol already out long - term , Zach Randolph ( knee ) , Chris Andersen ( shoulder ) and Vince Carter ( calf ) were unable to suit up , and Lance Stephenson had to play 36 minutes despite suffering a wrist injury over the weekend . Zach LaVine led all scorers with 28 points , tying his second - highest output this season , as he knocked down six three - pointers and shot 11 - 19 from the floor . Karl-Anthony Towns scored 18 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 8 - 9 FT ) , grabbed 10 rebounds , dished four assists , nabbed two steals and blocked a shot . The Wolves ran ragged over the Grizzlies defense , as they shot 56 percent from the floor and 10 - 21 ( 48 percent ) from the three - point line and assisted on 31 of their 40 made baskets . Stephenson 's 24 points off the bench led the Grizzlies , and he added 11 rebounds and seven assists in a valiant effort . Memphis got double - doubles from Jeff Green ( 18 points , 10 rebounds ) and Matt Barnes ( 14 points , 10 rebounds ) and managed to grab an absurd 27 offensive rebounds on 56 missed shots . Their work on the boards almost fueled an unlikely comeback , but their poor shooting from deep ( 4 - 20 , 20 percent ) was too much to overcome . The Timberwolves continue their road trip Friday against the Rockets . The Grizzlies take off for a Thursday matchup against the Bucks .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 40 - 30 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 25 ) 113 - 102 on Saturday . Memphis came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Zach Randolph returned from a seven - game absence and was clearly the star , as he recorded his first career triple - double . The key for the Grizzlies was the rebounding , as they snatched down 44 rebounds to the Clippers 30 . Los_Angeles hasn’t been playing their best ball recently and this may be their worst loss in that stretch . Chris Paul still showed up though , as he tallied 25 points and six assists in the defeat . DeAndre Jordan was the only other player who scored more than 12 , as he totaled 16 points , seven rebounds , two blocks and two steals . The Clippers have a quick turnaround , as they play the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday in their next matchup . The Grizzlies continue to surprise and these sort of wins are a credit to their resiliency and grittiness . Zach Randolph played one of his best games of his career , as he accumulated 29 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists in the win . Tony Allen continued his offensive surge as well , as he scored 22 of his own . JaMychal Green was a great energizer off the bench , as he amassed 11 points , seven rebounds , four assists and four steals . The Grizzlies will look to build off this win against the Phoenix Suns on Monday .
In a game with little impact on shaping the playoff picture , the Denver Nuggets ( 32 - 44 ) beat the banged - up Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 34 ) 109 - 105 . The Nuggets , though not mathematically eliminated from playoff contention , sit six games back from the eighth spot in the West . Wednesday 's contest did help their case , however , as they were able to stave off a 37 - point fourth quarter from the Grizzlies and win . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay led the starters with 17 points , while Sixth Man of the Year contender Will Barton exploded for 25 off the bench . The entire team saw efficient and effective shooting , hitting over 48 percent from the floor and sinking 13 three - pointers . The Grizzlies , meanwhile , have suffered due to the loss of star center Marc Gasol and point guard Mario Chalmers to injury . The team still sits at fifth in the West , but the Trail Blazers have crept within three games of the spot . On Wednesday , the team was carried by veteran Zach Randolph 's 26 points . Forward Jeff Green also contributed 13 points and 12 rebounds off the bench . The team struggled from the line , however , hitting just 63 percent of its free - throws . The Nuggets will travel to New Orleans Thursday , while the Grizzlies will take on Toronto on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 36 ) left the Chicago Bulls ( 39 - 39 ) barely clinging to their playoff dreams , beating them 108 - 92 on Tuesday . Memphis is left jockeying with Portland for the fifth seed in the West , holding just a single - game lead after Tuesday 's win . Injuries to star center Marc Gasol and point guard Mario Chalmers have left the team , once slated as a Western Conference contender , decimated and struggling to close out the season . Veteran Zach Randolph took matters into his own hands on Tuesday , however , going for 27 points and 10 rebounds en route to the big win . All-Defense team guard Tony Allen , meanwhile , showed off his lockdown skills on the perimter by stealing the ball four times . The team forced 20 turnovers as a whole in what was a solid defensive outing . The Bulls , meanwhile , look as though they may miss the playoffs for the first time since 2007 - 8 . With four games remaining , including matchups against the Heat and Cavaliers , and a 3 game deficit to overcome , the Bulls may find themselves on the outside of the postseason looking in . Tuesday 's double - digit beatdown did not instill confidence for the squad , as turnovers and free - throw shooting both looked weak in Memphis . Hitting just 68 percent of shots from the line , the Bulls struggled mightily at the charity stripe . All-Star Jimmy Butler was reduced to a non - factor by veteran defensive specialist Tony Allen . Butler scored just five points on the night . The Bulls face a make - or - break matchup on Thursday in Miami . Memphis , meanwhile , will travel to take on Dallas on Friday .
The Golden Sate Warriors ( 71 - 9 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 38 ) on Saturday night , 100 - 99 , for their 71st win of the season . Memphis had a double - digit lead with six minutes left , but couldn’t hold on as Golden_State finished the game on a 20 - 9 run . The winning basket came on a controversial call . Draymond Green tipped in a ball that was initially called offensive goaltending . The call , though , was overturned and the points stood , providing the margin of victory with less than a minute left . The key for the Warriors was defense , as they held the Grizzlies to less than 39 percent shooting . Green led the Warriors with 23 points,11 rebounds , four assists and three blocks . Stephen Curry struggled with his shot , but still managed 17 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Matt Barnes had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 24 points and 15 rebounds to lead Memphis , which entered as a double - digit underdog . Vince Carter got a rare start and totaled 15 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Up next for Golden_State is its biggest test , as it travels to San Antonio to play a Spurs team that is undefeated at home this season . A win would tie the Chicago Bulls ' all - time record for victories in a season at 72 . The Warriors close out the season Wednesday in a re - match with the Grizzlies . Memphis plays the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 2 - 1 ) were able to pull out a 97 - 94 home victory over the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 2 ) on Friday . After a tight first half , the Hawks were able to claim a 14 - point lead with under six minutes remaining in the fourth quarter , but a run of nine unanswered points by the Hornets resulted in an outcome that was too close for comfort . Still , Atlanta was able to make enough stops down the stretch to deny the late rally , as Kemba Walker missed the game - tying attempt from 25 feet to give Atlanta the victory . Though he only scored a combined five points in the team’s first two games , Kent Bazemore was the Hawks’ surprising scoring leader Friday , pouring in 19 points on 7 - for - 13 shooting , including a 4 - for - 5 mark from three - point range . He also tacked on nine rebounds for good measure , a total that was only second to Paul Millsap’s 10 boards for the team lead . Millsap also accrued 18 points , while Al Horford ( 18 ) , Jeff Teague ( 14 ) , and Dennis Schroder ( 14 ) rounded out the double - digit scorers . Schroder made his first start of the season while Kyle Korver was rested for maintenance purposes in the second game of a back - to - back set . The winless Hornets were foiled by their top two offensive threats suffering from poor shooting nights . Al Jefferson and Kemba Walker both shot 5 - for - 15 from the field to combine for just 23 points between them , while no other scorer on the team exceeded 14 points . Charlotte was at least able to win the battle of the boards , 54 - 45 , thanks to double - digit rebound efforts from Marvin Williams ( 12 ) , Nicolas Batum ( 11 ) , and Jefferson ( 11 ) . The two teams will get together for a rematch Sunday , with that game to take place in Atlanta .
The Atlanta Hawks were able to handle the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 5 ) on Wednesday , 101 - 87 . It was a close game heading into the final quarter , but Atlanta outscored the Nets 29 - 17 in the fourth to improve to 5 - 1 . After losing their opening contest , the Hawks have gone on a five - game winning streak . Their biggest question heading into the season was how they 'd replace Demarre Carroll , who fled to Toronto in free agency . They filled his position with Kent Bazemore , who has been successful early on in the season . He finished the night with eight points , three boards , three assists , three steals , and two threes in 27 minutes . Al Horford continued his hot start to the season by stuffing the stat sheet with 21 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two blocks , and one triple in 30 minutes of action . He was also an impressive 8 - for - 10 from the field . Dennis Schroder and Jeff Teague each chipped in with 20 and 16 points , respectively . Atlanta will look to continue their win streak Friday in New Orleans . Brooklyn 's lone bright spot Wednesday evening was Brook Lopez . The big man put up 27 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , and one block in 36 minutes . The Nets will aim to capture their first win Friday against the Lakers , who are also searching for their first victory .
Playing in their seventh game in 10 days , the Atlanta Hawks ( 7 - 1 ) were able to win their seventh straight , handily defeating the Washington Wizards ( 3 - 3 ) by a score of 114 - 99 . Starter Kent Bazemore continued his impressive start to the season , leading the Hawks with 25 points while delivering an impressive performance on the defensive end . Bazemore , who many coming into the season considered a downgrade from last year 's starter Demmare Carrol , has made a name for himself in the first eight games , helping to contribute to the Hawk 's league - best seven wins thus far . As always , the Hawks were helped by their dynamic duo of big men , as both Paul Millsap ( 21 points , seven rebounds , six assists ) and Al Horford ( 14 points , nine rebounds ) had impressive nights . Breakout star Bradley Beal 's hot start came to a screaching halt against the stingy Hawks ' defense , as Beal scored just 11 points and turned the ball over a whopping eight times . Atlanta has been the only team to effectively keep Beal in check , as prior to Saturday the fourth - year guard had not scored fewer than 24 points in any game this season . Overall , Washington struggled to effectively control the ball , posting 25 turnovers as a team including seven more from All-Star point guard John Wall . Up-and-coming forward Otto Porter Jr. did provide a bright spot for Washington in the loss , as he posted 23 points on efficient 8 - for - 12 shooting . The Hawks have dominated through their first eight games , and currently sit atop the Eastern Conference . Atlanta wil hope to continue its seven - game win streak at home on Monday against Minnesota . Meanwhile , the Wizards prepare to take on the Thunder on Tuesday in Washington .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 2 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 7 - 2 ) 117 - 107 Monday at Phillips Arena in Atlanta . The Timberwolves came out in dominating fashion , and it looked like the game was over by halftime , as Minnesota led 72 - 42 after the first 24 minutes . However , the Hawks had a quick turnaround at the start of the third quarter , and pulled within nine points by the time the final period rolled around . And despite coming back to tie the game at 105 , the Timberwolves had one final run in them to pull away at the end . Andrew Wiggins led the way for Minnesota , scoring a game - high 33 points on an efficient 15 - of - 22 shooting for the field in 38 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns also continues to impress in his rookie campaign , as he recorded his second straight double - double , finishing with 17 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes . Jeff Teague and Paul Millsap shined in the losing effort , scoring 24 and 22 points respectively in 35 minutes . However , the team only got a combined 28 points from the other three members of the starting lineup . Up next , the Timberwolves will head home Tuesday to take on the Hornets , while the Hawks will stay home Wednesday to play the Pelicans .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 2 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 7 ) 106 - 98 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a slow start in this one , falling behind nine points by the end of the first half . They had some fight left in them , though , exploding out in the second half , where they out - scored the Pelicans 59 - 42 the rest of the game to seal the eight - point victory in front of their home crowd . Despite shooting lower percentages from the field , the Hawks made up for it on the defensive side of the ball , forcing the Pelicans into 19 turnovers as a team . The Hawks ' frontcourt duo of Al Horford and Paul Millsap did the majority of the damage to the injury - plagued Pelicans . Without Anthony Davis defending in the post , they were able to take the advantage down low . Horford was the main beneficiary and went an efficient 11 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line for a game - high of 26 points , while also adding eight rebounds and three blocked shots . Horford shot below 40 percent in each of his last two games , so Wednesday 's showing was a nice bounce - back effort for the center . Millsap , on the other hand , posted an impressive 19 - point ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , 16 - rebound double - double of his own . It marked his fourth double - double of the season , pushing his season averages to 17 points and 9 rebounds per game . Jeff Teague chipped in with 14 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 10 assists as well . Davis ( hip ) , Jrue Holiday ( lower leg ) and Tyreke Evans ( knee ) all remained sidelined Wednesday . Without Davis ' normal production , both Ish Smith and Eric Gordon took it on themselves to make up for his absence . Gordon went 10 - for - 20 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line for 26 points in 31 minutes . The points were a new season - high for the seventh - year guard out of Indiana , who 's now surpassed the 20 - point plateau in four of his last five games . Smith finished with 18 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and 10 assists over 39 minutes . He had 16 of those 18 points in the first half , but really cooled down in the second , letting Gordon take over for the most part . Filling in for Davis at power forward , Ryan Andersen added a productive 17 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and 11 rebounds . The Pelicans ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Friday , while the Hawks will travel to Boston to take on the Celtics on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 5 - 5 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 4 ) 97 - 96 on Sunday . In a battle of two defensively strong teams , there was some efficient offense and great shooting on Sunday . The two teams combined to shoot 50 percent from the field and the game was close all evening long . The win for Utah cracked a three - game losing streak , while the loss for Atlanta continued a poor stretch in which they have lost three of their last four . The Jazz got center Rudy Gobert back in this game and that proved to be the difference in a one - point game . Gobert recorded a double - double while contributing two steals and three blocks in the victory . The best player for the Jazz on Sunday was Derrick Favors , who totaled 23 points and nine rebounds . He has been spectacular this season and he very well may make his first All-Star team if he continues to play at this level . Utah also got 18 points and six boards off the bench from Alec Burks , who is playing like a sixth - man of the year candidate at this point of the season . This is a young , scary team that thrives off defense and that 's a good recipe for a winning team . Utah has a few days off until they play the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday in their next matchup . The Hawks played this game without point guard Jeff Teague ( ankle ) and that proved to be a huge factor . Dennis Schroeder filled in for Teague and put in 11 points , nine assists and six rebounds in the loss . It 's not so much that they missed Teague 's production as much as it was that they missed him facilitating the offense and Schroeder 's spark off the bench . Paul Millsap continued his fantastic season , as he collected 28 points and six redounds in the defeat . Millsap is playing at an all - time high level right now and he 's truly one of the most underrated players in the league right now . The bench really killed Atlanta in this game though , as they totaled just 14 points between five players . Atlanta will play the struggling Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday in their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 9 - 5 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 4 - 8 ) 103 - 97 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Kings were the superior shooting team in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line compared to the Hawks who finished at 43 percent from the field and just 30 percent from deep . The Hawks overcame the shooting difference , though , through a strong defensive performace . They forced the Kings into a combined 20 turnovers as a team , while posting just 12 of their own , which gave them just enough of a boost to take the victory in front of their home crowd . Paul Millsap was the Hawks ' scoring leader , torching the Kings for 23 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , while also adding 16 rebounds , three steals and a pair of blocked shots . The double - double was his sixth of the season , pushing his season averages to 18 points , 9 rebounds and 4 assists per game . Dennis Schroder was another player who had a strong showing . Starting his third game in a row with Jeff Teague sidelined due to an ankle injury , Schroder continued to show his worth . He recorded 22 points ( 9 - 21 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , two rebounds and six assists over 32 minutes . Schroder had shot 30 percent or less from the field in his previous three games , so it was a nice bounce back showing for the guard . The only other Hawk in double figures was Al Horford , who finished with 17 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) . Horford had just one rebound on the night , which was his first time this season with less than four rebounds . DeMarcus Cousins did everything he could to keep the Kings close . He went 7 - for - 20 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 24 points . He also added 12 rebounds , giving him his third double - double in a row . Cousins has been dominating opponents recently , averaging a ridiculous 33 points and 11 rebounds over his last four games . Rajon Rondo continued his impressive start to the season . He recorded his third triple - double over his last four games , finishing with 12 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) , 12 rebounds and 10 assists . He did have seven turnovers , though , so it was n't all good for him . Rudy Gay and Ben McLemore also reached double figures with 14 and 11 points respectively . The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Thursday , while the Hawks will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Saturday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 10 - 6 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 7 - 7 ) 121 - 97 on Tuesday . Even in losing efforts , Avery Bradley’s drastic offensive improvement is evident . The Celtics guard has been shooting well all season , but has taken his game up a notch over his last three contests , all starts . Bradley has posted three consecutive performances of 21 points or greater , shooting an outstanding 58 percent from the field over that span . Wednesday , he collected 25 points on 10 - for - 17 shooting , including four buckets from beyond the arc . The three - pointers give Bradley 11 combined over his last two games . Unfortunately for Boston , the rest of their starters couldn’t provide their scorching shooting guard much support . Isaiah Thomas shook off two early turnovers in the first quarter to tally 14 points , a pair of assists , and three steals , but was the only other member of the starting five to post double - digit scoring . Jared Sullinger ( seven points ) and Jae Crowder ( six points ) mustered single - digit points for the second consecutive game , while Amir Johnson managed four points and seven rebounds . Encouragingly , rookie hopeful R.J. Hunter paced the Boston bench with a career - high 12 points , while David Lee also pitched in 10 points , six rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Given their respective recent performances , Lee may soon find himself back in the starting rotation in Johnson’s stead . The Celtics fell to 7 - 7 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Atlantic Division . They head home for a Wednesday tilt versus the Sixers . The Hawks are known as one of the most balanced offensive teams in the league , and the performance of their starting five Tuesday was a testament to that reputation . All of Atlanta’s starters tallied double - digit scoring performances , with Paul Millsap spearheading the effort with a 25 - point , nine - rebound , three - assist night . Jeff Teague complemented Millsap with an efficient performance in his second game back from an ankle injury , collecting 16 points and nine assists . Thabo Sefolosha acquitted himself very well in his spot start with 15 points , a total matched by guard Kyle Korver . Al Horford pitched in 11 points , four rebounds , and four assists in a game that his frontcourt mate largely took over . Mike Scott paced the Atlanta bench with 15 points of his own , a season high . Atlanta also notably shot an outstanding 50 percent from beyond the three - point line , led by Korver’s trio of long - range buckets . The Hawks improved to 10 - 6 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division , a half - game behind the Heat . They head to Minnesota for a Wednesday showdown versus the Timberwolves .
The Toronto Raptors ( 12 - 7 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 12 - 9 ) Wednesday 96 - 86 at Phillips Arena in Atlanta . The Raptors entered the the fourth quarter in a nine - point hole , as the Hawks managed to have control for majority of the game . However , a monster fourth quarter from the team , which they won 39 - 20 , allowed them to pull away and win with relative ease . Kyle Lowry was at the head of Toronto’s comeback effort , as he finished with a game - high 31 points , five rebounds and five assists in 37 minutes . The team rode Lowry for the entire game , as beyond the point guard , the rest of the team struggled offensively for the most part . DeMar DeRozan ( 17 ) and Cory Joseph ( 10 ) were the only other players to score in double figures . The Hawks had a much more balanced offensive attack , as all five starters managed to score in double figures . However , they got nothing from their bench players , as the team’s reserves scored just 24 points between the six of them . Jeff Teague recorded a double - dobule of 11 points and 10 assists , while Paul Millsap and Al Horford scored 14 and 12 points respectively and each grabbed nine rebounds on the night . Thabo Sefolosha ( 13 ) and Kyler Korver ( 12 ) round out the starters in double figures . Up next , the Raptors will head home Thursday to take on the Nuggets , while the Hawks will stay home Friday and play the Lakers .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 20 - 5 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 11 ) by the convincing score of 103 - 78 , Saturday in Atlanta . The Spurs came out in domination mode , amassing a 47 - 25 lead by half - time . The Spurs shot a steaming 50 percent from deep , while the Hawks only managed 20 percent . They also hit 21 out of their 22 free - throw attempts . Kawhi Leonard was the man for his team , leading on both ends of the floor . Leonard finished with 22 points on 7 - 13 shooting , including hitting 7 - 7 from the foul - line , along with eight rebounds , five steals and four assists , in 32 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge tallied 13 points , six rebounds and one assist in 27 minutes . Manu Ginobili shot a convincing 5 - 7 from the field , as well as 3 - 3 from deep , on his was to 17 points , in only 18 minutes . Paul Millsap was on his game but unfortunately he did not have much company , as no one else could tally more than 10 points , rebounds or assists for the Hawks . Millsap finished with 22 points on 9 - 13 shooting , including 2 - 3 from deep , along with five rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Al Horford finished with nine points and seven rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 25 minutes . Dennis Shroder struggled shooting , going 2 - 10 from the field , but dished seven assists and grabbed three rebounds . Next up Atlanta will host Miami on Monday , in a crucial Southeast Division match - up . The Spurs will host the feisty Utah Jazz on Monday .
The Heat ( 14 - 9 ) locked down the Hawks ( 14 - 12 ) in a 100 - 88 victory at Philips Arena on Monday . Playing their second game in as many nights , the Heat turned in a dominant defensive performance , particularly on Hawks ' guards Jeff Teague and Kyle Korver , who combined to shoot 4 - of - 24 from the field . Miami also did nice work on the boards , outrebounding Atlanta 54 - 37 , perhaps the biggest difference in the game . Chris Bosh led the way for the Heat , scoring a team - high 24 points to go along with 10 rebounds for his second double - double in three games . But the MVP of the game was Gerald Green , who came off the bench to score 20 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting over 31 minutes . It was the fourth straight game that Green reached double - digit scoring , as the veteran guard has taken advantage of the absence of Tyler Johnson , who missed his third straight game due to a shoulder injury . The Hawks were really hurt by a poor first half , scoring just 38 points over the first two quarters of the game . Aside from the poor guard play , Paul Millsap and Al Horford had a tough time down low and were held in check by Bosh and Hassan Whiteside . That left just one starter left , Kent Bazemore , who had a monster game with a season - high 28 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting along with three 3 - pointers over 40 minutes - - which was also a season high . The Heat travel to Brooklyn to face the Nets on Wednesday ; the Hawks will look to end a three - game losing streak against the 76ers .
The Hawks ( 15 - 12 ) dominated the 76ers ( 1 - 26 ) en route to a 127 - 106 victory at Philips Arena on Wednesday . The Hawks built on an 11 - points halftime lead by using a 27 - 7 run to lead by 26 after the third quarter . It was another embarrassing loss for the 76ers , who basically used every healthy player off their bench and somehow managed to out rebound the Hawks 32 - 25 . Atlanta 's 127 points was a season high as the Hawks shot an unconscious 62 percent from the field ( 48 - for - 78 ) . The lone 76er who did not enter the game Wednesday was Nerlens Noel , who was held out for a second consecutive contest due to an eye injury he suffered last weekend . Fortunately for Philadelphia , Noel should be back in time for Friday 's game against the rival Knicks . This game would have gotten uglier has it not been for the shooting of Isaiah Canaan , who scored a game - high 24 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 6 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) . Atlanta managed to snap a three - game losing streak and had one of its best offensive games of the season . One of the many differences on the night was the turnover battle , which the Hawks won 22 - 12 . They also made the 76ers pay from beyond the arc , shooting 10 - of - 21 from distance ( 48 percent ) . Paul Millsap scored 14 of his 21 points in the third quarter and shot 7 - of - 8 from the field as the Hawks were able to extend the lead and out Philadelphia in an insurmountable hole .
The Hawks ( 19 - 12 ) escaped a scare from the Pistons ( 17 - 13 ) for a 107 - 100 win at Philips Arena on Wednesday . After a fairly even first quarter , the Hawks took control with a 19 - 7 run to end the first half with a 16 - point lead . Atlanta shot well over 50 percent from the field through three quarters and were still employing the `` Hack-a-Drummond '' strategy late in the game despite the score . Andre Drummond would go on to finish 7 - of - 18 from the charity stripe . The Pistons got hot in the fourth quarter and cut the deficit to seven points , but were unable to complete the comeback . The loss for Detroit ended a three - game win streak which landed the Pistons in the thick of the Eastern Conference playoff race . But an inconsistent effort Wednesday - - particularly on the offensive side of the ball - - knocked them back a bit with teams so close in the standings . There were n't many bright spots in the game - - besides the fourth quarter - - and while Drummond 's free - throw shooting put the Pistons in a bind , he still managed to finish with 25 points and 12 rebounds for his league - leading 26th double - double . It was a fifth straight win for the Hawks and fifth game scoring 100 or more points as Atlanta is playing its best basketball since starting the season 7 - 1 . The win also thrusts the Hawks into sole possession of second place in the Eastern Conference behind the Cavaliers , who defeated the Knicks 91 - 84 to improve to 19 - 7 . The big shot of the night came from Kyle Korver , who moved into a tie with Rashard Lewis for ninth on the NBA/ABA all - time 3 - pointers made list with his 1,787th career trey . The Hawks bench outscored the Pistons reserves 34 - 17 .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 20 - 12 ) dominated in the second half to beat the New_York Knicks ( 14 - 17 ) 117 - 98 on Saturday night . The Knicks had a double - digit lead after a 32 - point first quarter and it was downhill after that . The Hawks outscored them by 22 points over the second and third quarter and ran away with an easy win . The key was the second half defense , as the Hawks allowed just 35 points over the final 24 minutes . Both teams shot well , as they both shot over 48 percent from the field with Atlanta shooting 53 percent . The turnovers were the difference in the game though , as the Knicks committed 22 to the Hawks nine . No Knicks player scored more than 18 points and they were absolutely shut down in the second half . Carmelo Anthony was the only player who showed signs of life , as he recorded a 18 point - 12 rebound double - double . The Knicks are in a rough stretch right now and it 's hard to imagine it getting better with this lack of offense . They 'll look to play better on Sunday against the Boston Celtics in the back end of a back - to - back . The Hawks were sick of their bad defense in the first half and shut down this weak offense to pull away with an impressive win . The frontcourt was spectacular tonight for Atlanta , as Al Horford , Paul Millsap and Mike Scott all played well . Mike Scott scored 18 points off the bench and Horford and Millsap stuffed the stat sheet . In fact , Millsap and Horford combined for 41 points , 13 rebounds , 14 assists , five steals , and three blocks . When these two are playing like that , this team is hard to stop . The Hawks will look to keep this momentum going against the Indiana Pacers on Monday .
The New_York Knicks ( 17 - 19 ) defeated the Altanta Hawks ( 21 - 15 ) 107 - 101 on Tuesday . The Knicks have shown considerable signs of improvement so far in the 2015 - 16 campaign , after losing a whopping 65 games last season . A tangible sign of that progress has come over the last two games , when New_York managed to get the best of the first - place and playoff - caliber Atlanta Hawks in each team 's home arena . Tuesday 's victory may have been even more impressive than Sunday 's , considering it was accomplished on the road at Philips Arena and that the Knicks were successfully able to withstand a late push from the home team and hang on for the win . The Hawks entered the final period trailing 84 - 71 , but closed to within two after Dennis Schroder 's free throw made it 103 - 101 with 40 seconds remaining . However , Carmelo Anthony secured the defensive rebound on Schroder 's intentional miss of his second attempt from the charity stripe , and then drained two key free throws himself with 13 seconds to extend the lead to the final margin of 107 - 101 . Anthony led the way for New_York scoring - wise , tallying 23 points , 11 rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Arron Afflalo , who decimated the Hawks on Sunday with a 38 - point barrage , put together a solid encore performance by matching Anthony 's scoring output and adding seven rebounds , four assists and a steal . Kristaps Porzingis joined Anthony in the double - double department , collecting 17 points and hauling in 11 boards . Derrick Williams paced the Knicks ' reserves with an efficient 15 points , four rebounds and an assist over just 16 minutes The Knicks improved to 17 - 19 and remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Miami to take on the Heat on Wednesday . Atlanta received double - digit scoring from all five starters , but it ultimately was n't enough . Paul Millsap spearheaded the attack with 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a steal , but missed a 26 - foot three - point running jumper with seven seconds left that would have brought the Hawks within three . Jeff Teague was next in line with 16 points , but could not contribute much else , failing to dish out any assists and only tallying a rebound and a steal otherwise . Kent Bazemore ( 15 points , five rebounds ) and Kyle Korver ( 12 points , three rebounds ) were productive , and Al Horford managed his third double - double in four games with 13 points , 10 rebounds , eight assists and a pair of blocks . The Hawks fell to 21 - 15 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Philadelphia for a showdown with the Sixers on Thursday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 25 - 17 ) stifled the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 20 ) en route to a 98 - 81 win on Monday . Orlando has been struggling mightily recently and it all came to a head here . They were manhandled by a better Atlanta team and just played horribly on Monday after their London trip . The Hawks defense has to get some credit though , as they held the Magic to just 35 percent shooting . Atlanta also recorded 30 assists on their 41 made baskets , which is a fantastic ratio . Orlando came into this game as the much better rebounding team , but the Hawks dominated that battle as well . This gives the Magic their seventh loss in their last eight games and the offense continues to be terrible . They are now averaging a league - worst 87 points per game in that eight - game span and no one can seem to find their rhythm . The starters here shot horrendously , as they combined to go 16 - for - 46 from the field in the loss . Elfrid Payton made his return to the starting lineup and tallied 16 points and five assists in a solid game . Orlando had to play this game without Victor Oladipo though and it 's clear they miss their best playmaker . Aaron Gordon was a bright spot off the bench , as he amassed 18 points and seven rebounds in the defeat . Orlando has a great chance to get out of this rut on Wednesday , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game . Atlanta hasn’t been playing their best ball as of late either , but they looked great here . It was their annual Martin Luther King game and this game means as much to Atlanta as anyone in the NBA , considering MLK 's hometown is Atlanta . This was an all - around team effort , as the bench scored 49 points of their own with six players scoring in double - figures . In fact , 11 players recorded an assist , 12 players recorded a rebound , and seven players recorded a steal for the Hawks in this win . Paul Millsap had another great all - around game too , as he accumulated 13 points , 12 rebounds and six assists in the victory . Atlanta will look to build off this win on Wednesday when they take on the Portland Trail Blazers in their next game .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 30 - 16 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 27 - 20 ) 85 - 83 on Wednesday . The Clippers improved to 4 - 2 on their East Coast swing largely by taking care of the ball and playing some suffocating defense . Los_Angeles managed to force 23 turnovers from the Hawks on the night , while also holding them to 60 points over the final three periods after Atlanta had build a 23 - 17 lead through one quarter . Despite their efforts , the Hawks were in prime position to send matters into overtime as regulation expired , with the ball in the hands of the dependable Paul Millsap . However , the stalwart power forward missed his driving layup with a second on the clock , and the Clippers ' DeAndre Jordan came down with a 15th defensive rebound for the second consecutive night to seal the win . The visitors actually struggled somewhat from the field , tallying a 39 percent success rate overall and only 19 percent from three - point range . Their lack of offensive proficiency was evidenced by Jamal Crawford serving as the leading scorer on the night off the bench with a 21 - point total . He added a pair of assists , a rebound and a steal . Jordan came on strong in the fourth quarter to finish with a 13 - point , 19 - rebound double - double , while also adding a block . Chris Paul chipped in with a double - double of his own that consisted of 11 points and 10 assists , with a trio of steals thrown in for good measure . J.J. Redick managed 12 points but could only add a steal to his stat line otherwise . The Clippers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They now return home and take on the Lakers in an intra - city matchup on Friday . The home team tallied 42 and 44 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , and saw all five starters hit double - digit scoring . Jeff Teague led the way with 16 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . However , he also matched Kent Bazemore for the team lead with five turnovers . Al Horford held his own in his tussle with Jordan , managing 15 points , eight boards , six assists and a steal . Kyle Korver and Millsap pitched in with a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding three rebounds , three assists and a block , and the former putting together a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that was supplemented with four assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Bazemore rounded out the productive night for the starting five with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Despite the loss , the Hawks retain a hold on first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're back on the court Thursday night in Indiana to tangle with the Pacers .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 30 - 22 ) defeated the visiting Indiana Pacers ( 26 - 24 ) 102 - 96 , on Friday night at Philips Arena . The Hawks have been strong at home this season and continued that trend by outlasting the Pacers and improving their record at Philips Arena to 17 - 8 . The season series between these teams now stands at 2 - 1 for Indiana but the Hawks are the ones currently enjoying more success . Atlanta sits third in the East and is riding a three - game winning streak , while Indiana is sitting at the bottom of the top eight and is 4 - 6 in its last 10 games . Atlanta shot 51 percent from the field as a team and assisted on 29 of its 39 field goal attempts . The Hawks gave up 15 turnovers but countered that poor stat by forcing 20 turnovers out of the Pacers . Paul Millsap was the high - point man for the Hawks , with 24 points ( 10 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 5 FT ) , along with four blocked shots , two rebounds and two steals , in 33 minutes . Big Al Horford was all - around solid as he finished with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , seven rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . Kent Bazemore chipped in 15 points , along with eight assists and three steals , in 32 minutes . Tiago Splitter missed his third straight game with a sore hip . Paul George led the Pacers with a game - high 31 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 7 - 12 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with nine rebounds and six assists , in 37 minutes . Four other players scored in double - digits for the Pacers , including Lavoy Allen who tallied a double - double in 30 minutes off the bench , with 13 points and 14 rebounds . C.J. Miles chipped in 13 points and four rebounds , in 18 minutes off the bench , while Myles Turner finished with 12 points , seven rebounds , one steal and one block in his fifth straight start . Ian Mahinmi sat this one out with a sore back , while Rodney Stuckey remained out with a bruised foot and will not be back before the all - star break . Next the Pacers will host the Pistons on Saturday . These division rivals sit neck - and - neck at seventh and eighth in the East . The Hawks visit Orlando on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 23 - 28 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 30 - 24 ) 117 - 110 in overtime Monday . The second half of the Southeast Division rivals ' home - and - home series turned out to be a fitting encore for Sunday 's thriller , although Orlando looked like an improbable victor early in Monday 's contest . The Hawks jumped out to a quick 30 - 18 lead after one quarter , with Al Horford 's six points during the period leading the way . However , the Magic hung around during the middle periods , and entered the final 12 minutes facing a 83 - 72 deficit . In the last 14 seconds of regulation , Orlando 's fortunes were affected by the highs and lows that come with young players ' growing pains . First , rookie Mario Hezonja was the momentary hero , draining a clutch 26 - foot three - point jumper with 14 seconds remaining that finally gave the Magic a lead by the razor - thin margin of 101 - 100 . Three short seconds later , second - year forward Aaron Gordon fouled Paul Millsap , bringing the Hawks ' trusty veteran to the foul line . Millsap sunk his first free throw to tie the game at 101 , and then blocked Victor Oladipo 's nine - foot jumper with one second remaining to send the game into overtime . In the extra period however , Nikola Vucevic took matters into his own hands , scoring seven of the Magic 's first nine points to stake them to a 112 - 107 lead they would n't relinquish . Although Atlanta got as close as 112 - 110 after Kyle Korver 's three - pointer with 50 seconds remaining , Evan Fournier answered with his own trey at the 31 - second mark to extend Orlando 's lead back to five . Vucevic proved to be a Hawk killer for the second straight day on the stat sheet , amassing a team - leading 28 points , and adding 13 rebounds , six assists and a block . Elfrid Payton provided a very well - rounded stat line himself with 20 points , seven assists , four rebounds , three steals and a block . Fournier contributed 16 points overall , and also supplied four assists , three rebounds and three steals . Gordon chipped in with his second double - double in as many nights , recording 12 points , hauling in 10 boards , dishing out three assists and also recording a steal and a block . Jason Smith and Hezonja paced the bench with 14 points apiece . Smith also posted an assist , two steals and four blocks , while Hezonja added a career - high nine rebounds and three assists . The Magic are currently in a third - place tie with the Washington Wizards in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head back home to await the San Antonio Spurs for a Wednesday tilt . Horford essentially matched Vucevic point - for - point , collecting 27 of his own and adding six rebounds , three assists and a pair of blocks . Millsap managed his first double - double since Jan. 27 , tallying 19 points , 13 rebounds , six assists , a block and four steals . Jeff Teague continued a recent stretch of resurgent offensive play with 21 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Korver pitched in 16 points overall , including four of his trademark three - pointers . He also had a trio of boards , four assists and a pair of steals . Despite consecutive losses , Atlanta remains in a first - place tie with the Miami Heat atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Chicago to take on the Bulls on Wednesday .
The shorthanded Miami Heat ( 30 - 24 ) defeated the division - rival Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 25 ) , 115 - 111 , in the first game back from the All-Star break for both teams . Miami fans were dealt a shocking blow over All-Star weekend when it was revealed that veteran power forward Chris Bosh is suffering from blood clots in his lower leg . Bosh sat out the end of the 2014 - 15 season with blood clots which spread from his calf to his lungs . Guard Dwyane Wade , however , has assured fans that the forward 's current situation is less severe than his previous ailments . Bosh has announced plans to take blood thinners in hopes of resuming play this season . Despite the star 's absence , Miami was able to advance in the standings on Friday with a big win over Atlanta . Small forward Luol Deng stepped up with a season - high 30 points , also tallying 11 rebounds and stealing the ball four times . Bosh 's fill - in , Josh McRoberts , also came up huge for the Heat , scoring 19 points and dishing out 10 assists . Despite allowing the Hawks to score in triple - digits , Miami played pesky defense , forcing Atlanta to turn the ball over 21 times . Starting center Hassan Whiteside also missed the contest due to an NBA-issued one - game suspension for a flagrant foul on San Antonio 's Boban Marjanovic . Whiteside has accepted the penalty , telling the media that he knows that `` actions like that kill my career . '' The Hawks , meanwhile , were a team surrounded by trade tumors before Thursday 's deadline . Despite finishing first in the East in 2014 - 15 , Friday 's loss has dropped Atlanta to fifth in the East this season . Despite the underwhelming start , Atlanta opted not to make any major deadline moves . Point guard Jeff Teague , whose name was frequently brought up in trade tumors , led the team with 23 points against the Heat . Veteran All-Star Al Horford was another point of discussion in trade talks ; Horford posted 14 points , five rebounds , three assists , two blocks , and a steal on Friday . Both teams will host games on Saturday : the Hawks against the Bucks , and the Heat against the Wizards .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 23 - 33 ) snapped a six - game road losing streak as they defeated the host Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 26 ) 117 - 109 on Saturday at Phillips Arena . Both the Hawks and the Bucks came into this game after suffering losses on Friday night but neither team showed any signs of fatigue as they went back and forth viciously for four quarters and two overtime periods . Michael Carter-Williams took over in the second overtime period and put the game out of reach by scoring three straight , unanswered buckets to begin the period . Carter-Williams tallied 17 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , nine rebounds , three assists and two assists , in 38 minutes off the bench . Nine of Carter-Williams ' points came in overtime , as he came through clutch . Jabari Parker had a career night as he tallied a double - double with a career - high 28 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) and a season - high 13 rebounds , in 51 minutes . Parker 's career night comes just after he tied his previous career - high in points , with 23 on Friday night versus Charlotte , which along with this night 's performance marks the first time Parker has tallied 20 points and 10 rebounds in back to back games . Giannis Antetokounmpo finished with 19 points , 12 boards , three assists and two blocks , while Greg Monroe tallied a double - double as well , with 24 points and 12 rebounds , in 36 minutes off the bench . This marks the fourth game in a row that Monroe has come off the bench . Paul Millsap led the Hawks in scoring with 27 points ( 10 - 24 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , along with 11 rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal , in 46 minutes . Dennis Schroder was huge as he finished a nice lay - up at the end of regulation to send the game to overtime and added nine points in the extra time . He tallied 25 points , 10 assists , eight rebounds , one steal and one block , in 40 minutes off the bench . Al Horford finished with 17 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , nine rebounds , three blocked shots and two assists . The Hawks have now lost four of their last five and their last two in a row . Atlanta will look to avoid a third straight loss when the Hawks host the Golden State Warriors on Monday . The Bucks host the Lakers on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 32 - 27 ) handily defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 27 ) on Friday , 103 - 88 . Chicago was shorthanded , playing without Jimmy Butler , Derrick Rose , Nikola Mirotic , and Joakim Noah . For Atlanta , the win serves to end a slide in which the team went just 1 - 5 . The Hawks ' struggles did n't show on Friday , as they secured a decisive victory on the backs of their starting five 's solid offensive output . Point guard Jeff Teague led the team with 19 points while also dishing out nine assists . His scoring was nearly matched by All-Star center Al Horford , who scored 18 points on 8 - for - 11 shooting and blocked 4 shots . Atlanta swatted 12 shots as a team , including another five from All-Star power forward Paul Millsap . The team also found strength in the passing game , recording 28 team assits . Atlanta managed to force 20 turnovers , leading to 27 points on the other end . The Bulls have managed to stay fixed in the playoff picture despite the onslaught of inuries . Heading into Friday 's matchup , the Bulls had won three straight and sat at fifth in the Eastern Conference . Friday 's loss does come as a bit of a momentum killer , however , as the team simply could not get the job done on either end . Chicago shot just 36 percent from the field , including just 25 percent from deep . Big man Pau Gasol was part of the problem , going just 6 - for - 22 from the field despite notching 17 rebounds . Sophomore Doug McDermott was a bright spot for the Bulls , however , as he led the team with 20 points in 31 minutes off the bench . Atlanta will play host to the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday . The Bulls , meanwhile , will return home to face the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 27 ) trumped the Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 28 ) 87 - 76 in a divisional matchup on Sunday . For Atlanta , the win is the second straight after a three - game losing streak ended on Friday . No player scored over 14 points , but five Hawks reached double - digits on Sunday . Forward Kent Bazemore led the way with 14 , also chipping in six rebounds and three assists . Center Al Horford , meanwhile , made a noteworthy contribution with 16 rebounds and six assists . The Hawks are now back in play for the fourth seed , which is currently held by the division - leading Miami Heat . Charlotte , meanwhile , had won eight of their previous ten headed into Sunday 's matchup . The team had an absolutely abysmal night from the floor on Sunday , however , shooting just 34 percent from the field , 23 percent from three - point range , and 65 percent from the free - throw line . The team 's best scorer Kemba Walker had an off night , going just 3 - for - 14 for nine points . Forward Marvin Williams was one of the few bright spots , contributing a game - high 16 points and pulling down nine rebounds . The Hornets will host the sliding Phoenix Suns on Tuesday . The Hawks will travel to face the league - best Warriors on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 37 - 29 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 27 ) 95 - 83 on Saturday . The Hawks put together one of their strongest defensive efforts of the year in stifling a depleted Grizzlies offense , which finally seemed to hit a wall after playing well in recent games despite numerous injuries . Saturday , they were once again without Zach Randolph ( knee ) , Mike Conley ( foot ) and Chris Andersen ( shoulder ) , leaving them considerably short - handed . Memphis also appeared spent after an exhilirating overtime victory over the Pelicans on Friday night , and saw only one starter , Tony Allen , post double - digit scoring . They managed a lackluster 35 percent success rate from the field , and a 26 percent figure from three - point range . Their fatigue also was reflected in their 16 turnovers , and their overall sluggish performance . Allen 's 15 points paced the Memphis starting five , and he added nine rebounds and two steals . Lance Stephenson was the overall team leader on offense for the second straight night , posting 18 points , eight rebounds and six assists over 30 minutes . The newly - signed Ray McCallum acquitted himself well in his first game with the Grizzlies , totaling 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Jarell Martin was the third reserve to post double - digit scoring , registering 10 points , four rebounds and a steal . The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and currently hold the fifth seed in the conference . They head to Houston to face the Rockets on Monday night . Atlanta was paced by Paul Millsap , who posted 21 points , seven rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Al Horford followed with 19 points , eight boards , two assists and four blocks . Jeff Teague was next in line with 18 points , seven assists , two rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Kyle Korver contributed 15 points , four rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Thabo Sefolosha led the Hawks bench with 13 points , 11 rebounds , a steal and two blocks . Atlanta remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and has a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again against the Indiana Pacers on Sunday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 38 - 29 ) routed the Indiana Pacers ( 35 - 31 ) Sunday night at Phillips Arena , 104 - 75 . The 20 lead the Pacers took 18 seconds into the game was the last one they 'd enjoy , as the Hawks immediately rattled off a 160 run . The Pacers led by at least six points for the entirety of the final 45 minutes . Any chance of a comeback was squelched by a 30 - 5 Atlanta run to end the third quarter . The Hawks used a balanced attack , as Paul Millsap and Al Horford led the club with 18 points apiece . Millsap added nine rebounds , four assists , three steals and three blocks , and Horford shot a sharp 8 - 12 ( 2 - 4 3PT ) and grabbed four rebounds . Kyle Korver hit four of his nine shots from deep to finish with 14 points as the Hawks shot 50 percent ( 15 - 30 ) from beyond the arc overall . Myles Tuner led all scorers as he poured in 19 for the Pacers on 9 - 17 shooting to go with five rebounds , two steals and a block . Monta Ellis ( 10 points , 4 - 9 shooting ) was the only other Pacer to finish in double - digits . Pacers star Paul George made just three of his 15 field goal attempts and finished with seven points . Nothing worked for Indiana , as they shot 21 percent ( 5 - 24 ) from three , 44 percent on twos , and earned just seven free throw attempts . Atlanta heads on the road to face Detroit on Wednesday . The Pacers return home Tuesday to host the Celtics .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 35 - 34 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 41 ) 116 - 98 on Thursday . The Hawks made a change to the starting lineup , with Kent Bazemore heading to the bench with a knee injury and Tim Hardaway , Jr. stepping into the starting five in his stead . The move was highly successful , as Hardaway filled out the stat sheet with 21 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a steal . Atlanta was essentially superior in every category as well , as they posted 50 percent and 46 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . They also elicited 14 turnovers from the Nuggets , and hauled in 40 boards on the night . D.J. Augustin paced Denver in his reserve role , tallying 17 points , seven assists , a rebound and a block . A second bench player , Joffrey Lauvergne , was next in line with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block . Gary Harris pitched in 15 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Emmanuel Mudiay followed with 12 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal , as the only other starter besides Harris to manage double - digit scoring . The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are 8 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Charlotte to face the Hornets on Saturday night . Jeff Teague followed Hardway 's effort with 16 points , eight assists , three rebounds and a steal . Paul Millsap matched Teague 's scoring total and added 11 rebounds , four assists and four blocks . Al Horford and Kyle Korver rounded out a productive night for the starting five with a pair of 11 - point efforts . The former managed three rebounds , three assists and three blocks , while the latter dished out four dimes and a rebound . Thabo Sefolosha paced the reserves with 14 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kris Humphries and Dennis Schroder also had a pair of 11 - point outings in reserve roles . The Hawks retain a hold of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeastern Division , and of the third seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Saturday versus the Houston Rockets .
The Washington Wizards ( 35 - 35 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 41 - 30 ) 117 - 102 on Monday night . Washington came into this game as a seven - point underdog and walked away with a huge road win . This game kept the Wizards within two games of the final playoff spot in the east and it took some dominating fourth quarter defense to prevail . The Wizards held the Hawks to just 16 points in the final quarter , while scoring 28 of their own . The offense was spectacular for Washington , as they shot over 50 percent from the field , as well as from three - point range . The Wizards got a great team effort for a much needed win , as all five starters scored at least 14 points . John Wall led the team with 27 points and also dished out 14 assists in yet another great performance . Bradley Beal scored 25 of his own and continues to re - emerge since his return from a pelvic injury . Otto Porter double - doubled , as he scored 16 points to go along with 10 rebounds . The Wizards will look to keep their playoff hopes alive in a rematch against these Hawks on Wednesday . Atlanta has been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Al Horford flirted with a triple - double though , as he accumulated 14 points , nine rebounds and nine assists in the loss . Jeff Teague led the team with 23 points and also dished out four assists . The only other notable stat line was a 16 - point outing from Tim Hardaway Jr. off the bench . As mentioned before , the next game for the Hawks is a rematch against these Wizards on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 43 ) 101 - 90 on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and that ended up playing out on the floor in this matchup . The key for the Hawks was their defense , as they held the Bucks to 42 percent shooting and forced them to commit 15 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with Atlanta recording 26 assists to the Bucks 16 . Amazingly , the Hawks won this game despite going 5 - for - 32 from three - point range . This loss marked the Bucks third - straight and they continue to struggle away from home . Milwaukee still sits in single - digits in road wins , as they are now 9 - 29 on the road . Jabari Parker had a nice game though , as he led the team with 19 points , while also bringing down eight rebounds . John Henson was fantastic off the bench , as he double - doubled , in a 17 - point , 10 - rebound , three - block performance . The Bucks will look to play better on Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets . This gave Atlanta their 12th win in their last 15 games . Paul Millsap was huge , as he tallied 14 points , 13 rebounds , three assists , two steals and three blocks in an all around performance . Jeff Teague also played well , as he led the team with 18 points and six assists . Al Horford finished with 14 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks of his own . The Hawks will look to keep things rolling on Saturday against the Detroit Pistons on Saturday .
In what was a historic night for superstar LeBron James , the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 54 - 22 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 45 - 32 ) 110 - 108 in overtime Friday . With a team - leading 29 points , James surapssed Oscar Robertson for 11th on the all - time scoring list . The 30 - year - old star remains active in climbing the all - time scoring ladder , and looks poised to finish even higher when all is said and done . Scoring was n't the focus on Friday for James , however , as the star also snagged a season - high 16 rebounds and dished out nine assists . Fellow All-Star Kyrie Irving , meanwhile , scored 20 points and also dished out seven assists . The narrow win allows the Cavs to escape with a lead of 3 games over the contending Toronto Raptors for homecourt advantage . The Hawks , meanwhile , have now lost two in a row after a hot month of March . Friday 's loss came in heartbreaking , down - to - the - wire fashion , as the two teams were almost inseparable on the night . Star forward Paul Millsap helped make the game competetive , delivering 29 points and 12 rebounds . All-Star Jeff Teague also chipped in a big 28 points . The Hawks suffered , however , from a major 57 - 48 disadvantage in the rebounding column , allowing Cleveland several extra possessions . Cleveland will host the Hornets on Sunday , while the Hawks wo n't see the court until they host Phoenix on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 47 - 32 ) earned a home win over the Toronto Raptors ( 52 - 26 ) Thursday night at Philips Arena , 95 - 87 . Atlanta won this one with defense , as they blocked 12 shots and held the Raptors to just 38 percent shooting from the field . Toronto 's biggest lead came at 11 - 7 with 8:26 to go in the first quarter . The Hawks immediately rattled off a 60 run to take the lead , and the Raptors never led again , as Toronto 's offense could n't generate the big run necessary to turn things around . Jeff Teague led all scorers with 23 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3PT , 7 - 9 FT ) to go with five assists . Paul Millsap turned in a double - double with 13 points and 14 rebounds to go with five blocked shots , and Kyle Korver knocked down four of eight three - point attempts as he finished with 14 points . Atlanta shot a mediocre 43 percent from the floor but shot a nifty 12 - 32 ( 38 percent ) from three - point land to keep their offense moving . DeMar DeRozan ( 7 - 24 FG ) and Kyle Lowry ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3PT ) led the Raptors with 16 points apiece . Jonas Valanciunas scored 13 points and added eight rebounds , and Bismack Biyombo came off the bench to score 10 points and grab nine rebounds in just 21 minutes . But the Raptors just could n't generate offense , and they managed just eight offensive rebounds on 52 missed shots , a meager 15 percent offensive rebound rate , leaving them without the critical second chance opportunities teams need when first shots are n't falling . The Hawks continue their homestand Saturday against the Celtics . The Raptors return home to host the Pacers on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 48 - 32 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 47 - 33 ) 118 - 107 , Saturday night at Philips Arena The Hawks pulled off a major comeback in order to take the advantage over the Celtics in the battle for third place in the East . Atlanta trailed by as many as 12 points with about five minutes left in the third quarter , but went on an impressive 43 - 20 run in order to finish the game on top ; earning their third win in a row and 15th win in 19 games . The teams came into this game tied in the standings , while they both have two games remaining ; therefore there is still opportunity for the Celtics to overtake that third spot . The Hawks managed to overcome 18 turnovers with good shooting , as they hit 52 percent from the field , 51 percent from long range and 9 - 11 from the foul line . Paul Millsap put on a show to lead his team , with 31 points ( 13 - 22 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt ) , 16 rebounds , five blocked shots , three assists and two steals , in 39 minutes . Jeff Teague chipped in 24 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , seven assists , five rebounds and one steal , while Kent Bazemore was also very effective , finishing with 21 points , five rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocked shots . Six players scored in double digits for the Celtics , led by Marcus Smart who contributed 19 points , five rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 33 minutes off the bench . Jae Crowder and Isaiah Thomas added 16 points each , while Avery Bradley chipped in 15 . Although they were able to score , the Celtics could not keep up on the defensive end , allowing the Hawks to out - pace them . The Celtics have two games remaining , both of which will be at TD Garden . They host the Hornets in a potential first round preview on Monday . The Hawks will visit Cleveland to face the Cavaliers on Monday .
The Miami Heat ( 10 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 1 ) 104 - 94 on Wednesday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . Coming in with high expectations after missing the playoffs last year , the Heat did n't disappoint in their opener and pulled off the victory in front of their home crowd . Despite a slow start from the field , the Heat came up with a very big second quarter , out - scoring the Hornets 31 - 17 to take a 10 - point lead into the half . A seemingly even match the rest of the way , the Heat used their three - point shooting advantage ( 12 - 20 3Pt ) to give them enough of a spark to push them to a win . As expected , the Heat 's dynamic duo of Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade did most of the damage . Bosh recorded his first double - double of the year , posting 21 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and 10 rebounds over 32 minutes . He continually abused the Hornets ' bigs , forcing his way to the free throw line 10 times , while cashing in on nine of those ten attempts . Wade , on the other hand , added 20 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 6 - 6 FT ) of his own , to go along with five assists . After averaging 22 points and 5 assists last season , it looks as if he 's picked up right where he left off . The big surprise of the night was Gerald Green 's play off the bench . After playing with the Suns last season , Green capped off his Heat debut with a bench - high of 19 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt ) , giving the Heat just enough of a boost to help propel them to a win . For the Hornets , it was Al Jefferson who did most of the work early . He dominated his way to 17 points at the half , but failed to contribute even a single point following that . While there was n't any reports of an injury , he finished with just 22 minutes of game action , so it 's still unclear why he played in such a limited fashion . Kemba Walker was the only other starter in the lineup to get things going offensively . He went 5 - for - 16 from the field and 8 - for - 9 from the free throw line to post 19 points , while also adding four assists and four rebounds . Making his Hornets ' debut , Jeremy Lin chipped in with 17 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and a pair of assists off the bench . The Heat will travel to Cleveland on Friday to take on the Cavaliers , while the Hornets will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday .
Despite trailing by 21 points early in the game , the Miami Heat ( 2 - 1 ) were able to comfortably defeat the Houston Rockets ( 0 - 3 ) , 109 - 89 . With star center Dwight Howard sidelined by a back injury , coach Kevin McHale rolled out a `` small ball '' lineup on the road against Miami . While guard Marcus Thornton , a new addition to the starting lineup , exploded for 21 points , Miami 's frontcourt was able to take advantage of Howard 's absence . Heat center Hassan Whiteside delivered a whopping 25 points and 15 rebound to go with a pair of blocks , and effort that helped fuel Miami 's 48 - 34 rebounding advantage . Veteran guard Dwyane Wade was also able to exploit holes in the Houston defense , posting 20 points and dishing out 8 assists . Point guard Gordan Dragic 's struggles have continued , however , as he delivered just 8 points and played only 24 minutes . Houston , the second seed in the West last season , came into the season near the top of many power rankings . However , their loss to the Heat is their third consecutive defeat by a margin of twenty points . While Howard 's absence in two of the team 's three games has helped , star guard James Harden has struggled with inefficiency thus far , shooting just 26 percent from the field . The Rockets will likely look to adjust going forward . Houston will seak a bounceback performance as they take on the powerhouse Oklahoma City Thunder at home on Monday night . Meanwhile , the Heat will seek to carry the momentum from their victory into their next game , a home matchup against Atlanta .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 4 - 1 ) handed the Heat ( 2 - 2 ) a 98 - 92 loss in Miami , thanks to a strong outing from their starters . Jeff Teague was questionable to play prior to the game due to a hand injury . His hand did n't hold him back , however , as he ended up leading the way for Atlanta by putting up 26 points , nine assists , six rebounds , one steal , and two threes in 34 minutes of action . Al Horford continued his strong start to the season by chipping in 17 points , 13 boards , two assists , and one steal in 34 minutes . After going 0 - of - 5 from long distance in his previous game , it was Horford 's first game this season without a three - point attempt . Kent Bazemore continued his impressive start to the season , replacing the departing DeMarre Carroll in the starting lineup and providing 10 points , five rebounds , three assists , and one steal in 32 minutes . The Hawks will look to add on to their four - game winning streak Wednesday , as they welcome the Nets to Atlanta . The Heat were led by Hassan Whiteside , who put up 23 points , 14 rebounds , and four blocks in 31 minutes . He was also nearly perfect from the field , going 11 - for - 12 . Dwyane Wade and Goran Dragic each provided 21 and 19 points , respectively . Miami will look to bounce back Thursday in Minnesota .
The Miami Heat ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 5 - 2 ) 96 - 76 on Sunday . The Raptors have gotten off to a fantastic start this season by playing clean basketball , but they simply made too many mistakes on Sunday against the Heat . Toronto committed 16 turnovers in the loss while shooting under 16 percent from long distance and under 40 percent from the field . The Heat won with their defense , as they out - rebounded the Raptors 48 - 38 and recorded 16 combined steals and blocks in the victory . The bench production was a key difference in the matchup as well , as the Heat 's bench outscored the Raptors bench 33 - 14 . The Heat played their best game of the season on Sunday and that can be attributed to a spectacular performance from Hassan Whiteside . The center tallied 20 points , 11 rebounds and six blocks in the dominating victory . Chris Bosh also put together a nice game , totaling 23 points and eight rebounds in the win . Miami has to be a bit concerned with point guard Goran Dragic though , as he continued to struggle in this matchup . He amassed just two points , two rebounds and three assists on Sunday and he is now averaging 11 points , four assists and three boards over his first seven games of the season . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday . The frontcourt for Toronto is undoubtedly their weakness and that proved to be the case yet again on Sunday . Hassan Whiteside and Chris Bosh owned Luis Scola and Jonas Valanciunas down low and that could be a problem all season long . Small forward DeMarre Carroll missed this matchup with a foot injury and veteran James Johnson stepped in for him here . Toronto was led by All-Star Kyle Lowry who put together an all - around impressive line , tallying 15 points , eight assists and six rebounds in the loss . They 'll look to bounce back in their next game against the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Miami Heat ( 5 - 3 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 6 ) 101 - 88 on Tuesday . The Heat came into this matchup as double - digit favorites and they showed why here . Miami out - rebounded the Lakers 47 - 36 in the victory and thoroughly dominated them down low . The Lakers committed 17 turnovers in the loss and that 's too many when you only draw 10 of your own . The Lakers made 11 - of - 22 three - pointers in this game , but that simply wasn’t enough to get it done . With Kobe Bryant out of the lineup for rest , there was simply not enough punch in the starting five . In fact , the starting lineup amassed just 39 points in the loss with Metta World_Peace leading the bunch with 14 points , No respect to World_Peace , but if he 's leading your starters in scoring , you 're probably going to lose . They did get 17 points off the bench from Nick Young though , who hits five three - pointers on nine attempts . The Lakers will look to play better in their next game on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back against the Orlando Magic . The Heat got some great performances from Chris Bosh and Hassan Whitesside en route to an easy victory . Bosh tallied 30 points and 11 rebounds , while Whiteside totaled 19 points and 15 rebounds in the win . Guard Goran Dragic continued to struggle though , as he posted just four points and three assists in the victory . There is simply not enough ball to go around for Dragic right now and it remains to be seen if he can be successful in this system . In any case , a win is a win . The Heat will take on the Utah Jazz on Thursday in their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 6 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 6 - 4 ) 103 - 91 on Tuesday . A quick glance at Tuesday’s box score for each team’s starting five belies the end result of a Timberwolves victory . The Heat enjoyed double - digit scoring performances from each of their starters , including a double - double from Hassan Whiteside . Meanwhile , while only Andrew Wiggins and rookie sensation Karl Anthony-Towns were able to muster significant offense for Minnesota’s first group , the Timbewolves managed to outscore Miami 41 - 22 in the final period to emerge with an impressive double - digit road victory . Wiggins’ shot was falling Tuesday , and the second - year pro tallied 24 points , three rebounds , an assist , three steals , and a block to lead the Timberwolves’ charge . After falling a rebound short of a double - double the last two games , Towns burst through that barrier with a 14 - point , 14 - rebound performance against Hassan Whiteside . Shabazz Muhammad contributed another productive outing from the bench with an efficient 16 points over 20 minutes , while Zach LaVine continued to impress regardless of playing time with 17 points , four rebounds , three assists , and a steal over 28 minutes . The Timberwolves currently reside in third place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . They travel up to Orlando for a date with the Magic on Wednesday . Not to be outdone by Towns , Whiteside posted 22 points and 10 rebounds over 34 minutes . He joined in the “20 and Over” club by Luol Deng ( 20 points , six rebounds , an assist , and a block ) , whose scoring marked a season best . However , stalwarts Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade could only muster 10 points apiece against a Timberwolves defense that came into the contest near the bottom of the league in points allowed per game , significantly hindering Miami’s chances for a win on their home court . The Heat fell to 6 - 4 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division . The remain home for a date versus Sacramento on Thursday .
The Miami Heat ( 9 - 4 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 8 - 7 ) Monday 95 - 78 at AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami . The Heat pulled together a collective team effort , with five different players scoring in double figures , and they took control of the game from there very start . The lead ultimately opened up in the second quarter , where a huge scoring drought led the Knicks to lose to period 26 - 11 . Miami was led by the play of starting point guard Goran Dragic , who scored 13 points , grabbed nine rebounds , dished out five assists and managed three steals in 31 minutes . Hassan Whiteside recorded yet another double - double of 11 points and 11 rebounds on top of five blocks , while both Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade added 16 points each . Tyler Johnson gave solid minutes off the bench as well , scoring 12 points in 21 minutes . Even in defeat , Kristaps Porzingis still shined for the Knicks , scoring 20 points and grabbing a game - high 14 rebounds in 37 minutes . It was the rookie’s second straight game with at least 20 points and 14 boards . Carmelo Anthony added a game - high 21 points and eight rebounds , while the rest of the Knicks combined to score just 37 points . Up next , the Heat will head to Detroit Wednesday to take on the Pistons , while the Knicks will travel a short way to Orlando to play the Magic Wednesday .
The Celtics ( 10 - 8 ) were able to hold on to defeat the Heat ( 10 - 6 ) 105 - 95 at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The Heat pulled to within three points with a minute left in the fourth quarter , but five points from Evan Turner iced the game for Boston , which rebounded nicely after losing to the Magic on Sunday . Dwyane Wade turned in a vintage performance with a season - high 30 points ( 12 - 24 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , five steals , four rebounds and four assists . With Marcus Smart sidelined yet another game , Avery Bradley stepped up again for the Celtics , scoring a team - high 25 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) . Boston showed no signs of fatigue playing a second game in two nights and had an easy time scoring the basketball against a normally solid Heat defense . Turner was a spark plug off the bench , finishing with 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Celtics - - aside from Chris Bosh and Wade - - did a great job containing the Heat , as Tyler Johnson was the only other Miami player to score in double figures . Isaiah Thomas chipped in 16 points and nine assists . Miami managed to keep the game close , but eventually caved late in the fourth with a couple of fouls and a missed three - point attempt by Bosh . Usually dominant down low , Hassan Whiteside had an uncharacteristic night with just six points , eight rebounds and three blocks in 26 minutes . The Heat were also short a few bodies with Luol Deng ( hamstring ) , Chris Anderson ( illness ) and Amar'e Stoudemire ( illness ) all out , which forced coach Erik Spoelstra to roll with an eight - man rotation . The Celtics head home to face the Kings on Thursday ; the Heat get Kevin Durant and the Thunder .
The Miami Heat ( 12 - 6 ) handily defeated the powerhouse Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 7 ) on Saturday , winning 99 - 84 . Cleveland star LeBron James was scratched from the lineup just a few hours before game time . Coach David Blatt told the media that he had to `` force the issue '' to get James to take the rest . The 30 - year - old superstar was coming off of a grueling overtime game in New Orleans the night before , so his absence is indicative of the team wanting to preserve their star 's energy . Miami was able to capitalize on King James 's absence , jumping out to a 12 - point lead by the end of the first quarter that they simply would not let go of . Things seemed to be firing on all cylinders for the Heat , as the team shot 54 percent from the field while holding their opponents to a measley 37 percent . Veteran Dwyane Wade and sophomore Tyler Johnson tied for the team lead in scoring , dropping in 19 points apiece . Meanwhile , center Hassan Whiteside , who was averaging a whopping 5 blocks per game coming into the matchup against the Cavaliers , continued his historic shot - blocking season , posting five blocks despite logging just 21 minutes . The Cavaliers , meanwhile , saw numerous underwhelming performances . All-star Kevin Love was held to just 2 - of - 11 from the floor , recording just five points . Shooting guard J.R. Smith also exhibited questionable shot selection at times , finishing just 4 - for - 12 . Ultimately , it simply was not Cleveland 's night . They will hope to fare better with a well - rested LeBron James as they take on the Trail Blazers on Tuesday . The Heat , on the other hand , will look to build upon the blowout of the Cavs . Their next matchup is at home on Monday against the Wizards .
The Washington Wizards ( 9 - 10 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 12 - 7 ) 114 - 103 on Monday . It 's been an up - and - down season for the Wizards , but they 've now surprisingly handed two of the best teams in the Eastern Conference rare home losses . After having tripped up the Cavs at Quicken Loans Arena on Dec. 1 , Washington pulled away from Miami in the final period Monday to hand the Heat only their fourth defeat at American Airlines Arena . Just as in their upset of Cleveland , the Wizards benefited from a stellar performance from their offensive linchpin John Wall , who managed 26 points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal , despite coming into the game nursing a sore knee . The visitors also got 21 points from Wall 's backcourt mate Bradley Beal , who added four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Otto Porter pitched in with his third straight strong performance , tallying a 13 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . Jared Dudley contributed 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal , an effort that included two three - pointers . Gary Neal ( 21 points ) and Ramon Sessions ( 12 points ) were highly efficient off the bench , with the former overcoming a groin injury to post his third consecutive double - digit scoring game . The Wizards improved to 9 - 10 but still reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home for a showdown with the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . The Heat was unable to keep pace with Washington despite superb efforts from their backcourt duo of Goran Dragic and Dwyane Wade . Dragic , who 's struggled to score the majority of the season , managed a season - high 20 points . It marked the third consecutive game with double - digit points for the eight - year veteran , who appears to be finding his way in Miami 's offensive system . Meanwhile , Wade came within an assist of his first double - double on the season , totaling 26 points , nine dimes , seven rebounds and a steal . Chris Bosh was ejected with 28 seconds left for arguing with the officials , but pitched in with his own near double - double , amassing 18 points , nine rebounds , four assists , a pair of blocks and a steal . Hassan Whiteside 's 14 points , four rebounds and three blocks and Gerald Green 's nine points rounded out solid performances from the starters , while Josh McRoberts paced the Miami bench with nine points , a pair of rebounds , an assist and a steal . Miami fell to 12 - 7 but retains control of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division by a half - game . They travel to Charlotte for a showdown with the second - place Hornets on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 13 - 9 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 13 - 12 ) 100 - 97 on Sunday . Memphis came into American Airlines Arena using a small lineup in which Marc Gasol’s front court partner , Zach Randolph , came off the bench in favor of Jeff Green and Matt Barnes . Green played nearly 45 minutes , adding 26 points , two rebounds and three assists , and led all scorers in the losing effort . The Grizzlies played possession basketball and slowed the game down to a physical battle below the rim . Gasol contributed 12 points , seven rebounds and four assists , while Randolph completed 66 percent of his shots for 12 points , six rebounds and four assists in 26 minutes . Matt Barnes added a double - double with 13 points and 13 rebounds . Memphis had a chance to tie the game on the final possession , but a mistimed pass from Mike Conley to Marc Gasol resulted in a turnover , eventually sending Justise Winslow to the free throw line where he extended the lead to three points . Mike Conley came a few inches away on a 55 foot hail mary with 1 left , but the miracle did not come to fruition . Dwyane Wade turned in a vintage performance with five minutes left in the game , where the three time NBA champion drove the lane for a clutch layup and followed up with the go ahead midrange jumper to put the Heat up 98 - 97 with under 24 seconds left . Wade finished with 14 points , four rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Hassan Whiteside , the NBA’s leader in blocks , was unable to register a stat in that category , but still added nine points and 11 rebounds in 28 minutes . Chris Bosh led all Miami scorers with 22 points and shot lights out from the floor ( 7 - of - 10 ) , to go along with four rebounds and two assists . The Heat continue to dominate on their home court , where they are now 11 - 4 on the year . Both teams play the second game of a back - to - back on Monday , with the Heat visiting the Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 11 ) and the Grizzlies hosting the Washington Wizards ( 10 - 12 ) .
The Miami Heat ( 16 - 10 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 18 ) 116 - 109 on Sunday . The Trail_Blazers ' frontcourt defense has been an Achilles ' heel all season long , and the Heat were able to exploit the glaring weakness on the way to a high - scoring victory on Sunday . Miami rode a pair of double - doubles from their two big men to victory , with Chris Bosh ( 29 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals ) and Hassan Whiteside ( 22 points , 11 rebounds , one assist , five blocks and two steals ) both posting their best all - around performances in over a month . The home team also clamped down on defense in the second half , allowing only 47 points following intermission after surrendering 62 in the first half . The visitors were unsurprisingly led by Damian Lillard , who tallied 32 points , nine assists , two rebounds and a steal . Lillard 's success rate from the field ( 56 percent ) was his best since a 56 percent figure on Nov. 2 against the Timberwolves . Backcourt mate C.J. McCollum pitched in with 20 points , six assists and three rebounds , while Al-Farouq Aminu ( 16 points , four rebounds , two assists , three steals ) and Miles Plumlee ( 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists ) were the other two members of the starting five with notable contributions . Meyers Leonard and Allen Crabbe paced the Portland bench with a pair of eight - point efforts . The Trail_Blazers fell to 11 - 18 and currently reside in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Atlanta to face off against the Hawks on Monday . Dwyane Wade ( 18 points , seven assists , two rebounds , two steals ) and Luol Deng ( 17 points , two rebounds and an assist ) supported the outstanding efforts of Whiteside and Bosh . The point total for Deng largely consisted of the season - high five three - pointers that he drained on the afternoon . The Heat also received excellent production off the bench from Gerald Green , who poured in 17 points and helped make up for some of the offensive shortfall that resulted from the ejection of point guard Goran Dragic early in the fourth quarter for arguing calls with the referees . Miami improved to 16 - 10 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They face off against the Pistons at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 17 - 12 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 16 - 11 ) 93 - 92 on Tuesday . The game was a testament to the perseverance and marksmanship of the visiting Pistons , who shook off a 34 - 18 first - quarter explosion by the Heat that had the home crowd buzzing . Detroit returned the favor by incredibly doubling up Miami in the second period , 36 - 18 , on the strength of a barrage of three - point shots . While the Heat did an excellent job of completely taking Andre Drummond out of the equation early , the Pistons simply responded with outstanding perimeter shooting . Somewhat surprisingly , it was the likes of reserves Stanley Johnson , Anthony Tolliver and Steve Blake that led the way in the three - point department , helping propel the visitors to a tally of 10 long - range buckets in the first half . Overall , Detroit posted a stellar 52 percent figure from beyond the arc , outscoring Miami 45 - 12 in that category . Reggie Jackson paced Detroit with 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope had a slow first half before draining some crucial buckets when it mattered most . The shooting guard 's three - pointer with two minutes left helped give Detroit a 91 - 89 lead , and his jumper with 56 seconds remaining put the Pistons ahead to stay . Meanwhile , Drummond shook off the aforementioned slow start to tally an 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , his fourth straight . Johnson ( 14 points , four three - pointers ) , Blake ( 12 points , four three - pointers ) and Tolliver ( nine points , three - three pointers ) made timely and essential contributions off the bench , with the latter two combining for a trio of particularly important treys early in the fourth period that helped the Pistons eventually overcome what was a seven - point Heat lead at the time . Detroit improved to 17 - 12 and is currently in a second - place tie with Indiana in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They travel to Atlanta to face the Hawks on Wednesday . The Heat received a mammoth double - double from Hassan Whiteside ( 16 points , 16 rebounds ) , who outplayed Drummond after the latter had hauled in 20 rebounds in their initial meeting this season . Chris Bosh posted a game - high 20 points , and added three rebounds and two assists , while fellow veteran Dwyane Wade had a fourth straight strong performance with 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Beno Udrih , acquired earlier in the season from the Grizzlies , turned in a highly productive performance in his first Miami start , managing 14 points , six assists and three rebounds . The veteran got the call in Goran Dragic 's stead , who was sidelined with multiple hand injuries . Gerald Green paced the Heat bench , but did so with a modest eight points . As a team , Miami was considerably less aggressive and effective than Detroit from long range , sinking only four of their 18 three - point attempts . The Heat fell to 16 - 11 and are now in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a Christmas Day showdown with the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Miami Heat ( 17 - 11 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 9 - 20 ) 94 - 88 on Friday . The Christmas Day schedule tipped off with an overtime thriller showcasing some of the NBA’s biggest stars . Anthony Davis was tasked with the heaviest workload of any Pelican , and turned in 29 points , 15 rebounds , four assists , four steals and three blocks on 13 - of - 29 shooting . The Kentucky product missed what would have been the game winning shot as time expired in the 4th quarter . The valiant effort was not enough to capture a victory , and the Heat locked down Davis in overtime to prevent the former No . 1 overall pick from taking over . Ryan Anderson and Eric Gordon pitched in on the offensive end , scoring 18 points and 16 points , respectively , but the remainder of the New_Orleans roster struggled to help in that department . Alonzo Gee finished the night with zero points , Omer Asik scored two points and Tyreke Evans added six points , rounding out the starters low scoring affair . The Pelicans will look to bounce back when they host the Houston Rockets ( 15 - 15 ) on Saturday . Chris Bosh led all scorers with 30 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 25 shooting , marking Bosh’s second 30 - point effort in the season . Dwyane Wade was able to close out the game from the free throw line and finished with 19 points , six rebounds and four assists in 36 minutes . Hasan Whiteside dominated the glass in the first half , totalling 13 rebounds before the break , and completing the afternoon with 17 boards alongside eight points and four blocks . Whiteside leads the NBA in blocks with 4 per game , and is also amongst the best rebounders , pulling down 11 boards , good for fourth in the league . Miami shot just 40 percent from the floor as a unit , and a rough 23 percent from deep , but the strong defensive effort paid off in the overtime period as they pulled out a Christmas Day win . The Heat will take the short road trip and face the Orlando Magic ( 17 - 12 ) on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 9 - 22 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 18 - 12 ) 111 - 105 on Monday . The win was an improbable one to say the least , as the Nets had only managed two victories away from the Barclays Center this season . Meanwhile , Miami had defended its home court well , having posted a 13 - 6 record at the American Airlines Arena coming into tonight 's contest . However , Brooklyn was able to escape the Magic City with a hard - fought win thanks to an outstanding shooting night overall , and the surprise contributions off the bench from Wayne Ellington in particular . The former Laker exploded with a 26 - point night ( 23 after halftime ) after opening the second half in the starting lineup , and posted a scorching 7 - for - 9 tally from beyond the arc . The Nets shot a solid 44 percent from the field , but a stellar 52 percent from three - point range , thanks in large part to Ellington 's performance . The steady barrage of scoring was needed , as the Heat bounced back from a 34 - 19 third - quarter thrashing by the visitors , which in turn had erased a 16 - point Miami advantage , to make things interesting in the final period . Although Ellington 's scoring total paced the Brooklyn bench , Brook Lopez was able to equal him on the starter 's end . The veteran big man also hauled in 12 boards to make it a second straight double - double . Jarrett Jack enjoyed a solid night against the tough defense of Goran Dragic , managing 18 points and adding six assists , four rebounds and a pair of steals . Thaddeus Young had a quiet game by his recent standards , but still pitched in with 11 points , six boards and three steals . Bojan Bogdanovic ( nine points , six rebounds ) and Joe Johnson ( four points , six rebounds , four assists ) rounded out a stat - sheet - stuffing night for the Nets ' starting five . Brooklyn improved to 9 - 22 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Wednesday . The Heat were spearheaded by a pair of 24 - point efforts from their two stalwarts , Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade . Bosh also hauled in 12 boards , making it a third straight double - double , and giving him an outstanding 25 scoring average over his last five games . Hassan Whiteside took advantage of the defensively - challenged Lopez to collect his own matching set of double - digit points and rebounds , amassing 18 on the scoreboard and securing 11 boards . Luol Deng poured in 15 points , and Goran Dragic filled out the stat sheet with nine points , five assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals . The Heat fell to 18 - 12 and are now half a game behind the Atlanta Hawks for first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Tuesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 19 - 25 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 23 - 19 ) 91 - 79 on Tuesday . The Bucks still sport a disappointing record , but have slowly begun piling up victories against some superior teams . Last week saw Milwaukee rattle off wins against the likes of the Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks , as well as the talented but underachieving Charlotte Hornets . A new week started with more of the same , as Milwaukee exploited a depleted Heat squad by scoring an impressive road triumph at the American Airlines Arena , where Miami had tallied a 15 - 8 record coming into tonight 's contest . The same formula that 's largely spearheaded the Bucks ' recent successes - - leaning on the talented triumverate of Khris Middleton , Giannis Antetokounmpo and Greg Monroe - - worked well again Tuesday , and proved pivotal in helping the visitors keep their momentum going . Middleton put together his seventh 20 - point - plus performance in the last eight games , tallying 22 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and a pair of steals . Greg Monroe extended a notable streak himself , posting a sixth straight double - double with 15 points , 10 rebounds , an assist and a block . Meanwhile , the Greek Freak contributed 14 points , six rebounds , four assists and a block . With his talented teammates putting together such productive performances , Antetokounmpo only needed to take 10 shot attempts on the night . Jerryd Bayless paced the Milwaukee bench with 11 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Bucks improved to 19 - 25 and currently reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Houston to take on the Rockets in a Friday showdown . Miami put together a valiant effort with somewhat of a rag - tag lineup , and Hassan Whiteside did his best to put the offense on his shoulders . The four - year pro registered his fourth straight double - double with 23 points , 18 rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . Chris Bosh , the next healthiest talented Heat player at the moment , matched Whiteside 's scoring output and added five boards , two assists and a steal . Luol Deng was the only other member of the Miami roster with double - digit scoring , totaling 11 points , four rebounds and two assists . The ailing Dwyane Wade , he of the two sore shoulders , could only tally a season - low two points over 21 minutes , while Tyler Johnson pitched in three points , four rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Amar'e Stoudemire and Gerald Green paced the Heat bench with a pair of modest six - point efforts . Miami fell to 23 - 19 , their fifth loss in the last six games . They currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division and now head to Washington to take on the Wizards in a Wednesday showdown .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 44 - 8 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 29 - 24 ) 119 - 101 on Tuesday . An overmatched Heat squad surprised the Spurs out of the gate , managing to carve out a 24 - 20 lead after the first quarter . The visitors systematically went about their business the rest of the way however , and their top - ranked defense began to exert its will over Miami . San_Antonio elicited 18 turnovers from the Heat , and outmuscled them down low . The Spurs outperformed the home team overall on the glass 43 - 31 , and grabbed 11 offensive rebounds to Miami 's one . The paint also belonged to San_Antonio on Tuesday , where they outscored the Heat by a margin of 58 - 42 . A big reason for the success near the basket came in the form of the Spurs ' leading scorer , LaMarcus Aldridge . The 10 - year veteran continued to resemble the superstar he developed into in Portland , tallying 28 points , four rebounds , four assists and a block . Kawhi Leonard was just a rebound short of a double - double , supplying 23 points , nine boards , four assists , three steals and a block . Danny Green continued his improved play , contributing 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Boban Marjanovic paced the reserves with 11 points , which he supplemented with six boards and a steal . Reserve rookie guard Jonathon Simmons also managed double - digit scoring , contributing 10 points , four rebounds and an assist . San_Antonio remains atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They visit Orlando on Wednesday for a date with the Magic . Miami 's attack was spearheaded by Dwyane Wade , who put up 20 points , five assists and a steal against Green 's tough defense a large part of the night . Chris Bosh was right behind with 18 points , five rebounds , a pair of assists and a steal . Luol Deng shook off a pregame illness to pitch in 11 points and a pair of rebounds , while Goran Dragic tallied 10 points of his own and supplemented them with six assists , a rebound and a steal . Hassan Whiteside overcame an ankle injury to post 14 points , six boards and two blocks off the bench over 25 minutes before being ejected early in the final period for elbowing Marjanovic , while Beno Udrih poured in 13 points , dished out three assists and brought in a rebound in a reserve role as well . With the loss , the Heat fell to second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're now off until Friday , February 19th , when they face the first - place Hawks in Atlanta in their first post - All - Star tilt .
The shorthanded Miami Heat ( 31 - 24 ) defeated the tired Washington Wizards ( 25 - 19 ) 114 - 94 on Saturday . Miami has played without its two best players since the All-Star break and is undefeated in the two games since . This marked Washington 's third game in three days and it was obvious the Wizards didn’t have their legs underneath them . The Wizards shot 40 percent from the field , 52 percent from the free - throw line and 14 percent from three - point range . The Heat got off to a 30 - 19 start in the first quarter and never looked back after that . One huge key for Miami was the rebounding , as they brought down 67 boards to the Wizards 45 . Playing three games in three days is a rarity is today 's NBA , but a cancellation earlier in the season brought up this unfortunate circumstance for the Wizards . Marcin Gortat recorded yet another double - double , as he amassed 14 points and 13 rebounds in the defeat . Bradley Beal led the team with 19 points , as he came off the bench yet again . The Wizards will have some needed time off before their next game , when they host the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday . Miami played this game without Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh and didn’t miss a beat . Luol Deng played fantastic , as he tallied 27 points , 10 rebounds and four assists in the win . Goran Dragic also played well , accumulating 24 points , eight assists and seven rebounds . Hassan Whiteside made his return from a one - game suspension and put up a ridiculous 25 - point , 22 - rebound line off the bench . Miami 's next game will be on Monday when they host the Indiana Pacers .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 51 - 5 ) outscored the Miami Heat ( 32 - 25 ) 118 - 112 on Wednesday . The entertaining back - and - forth battle got off to a somewhat surprising start , with the Heat jumping on the reigning NBA champs early to take a 30 - 21 lead after one quarter . Golden_State won each of the three successive periods however , with their stellar backcourt catching fire . Stephen Curry surpassed the 40 - point mark for only the second time since Dec. 5 , while Klay Thompson broke the 30 - point barrier for the second time in the last three games . Both clubs played each other as closely as the final score indicated , as they were virtually even in several major offensive categories . That parity also extended to the turnover battle , with each team taking care of the ball at a high level . The visitors handed the ball over to Miami a modest 13 times , while the Heat was guilty of only 12 mistakes themselves . Curry 's 42 points paced the Warriors ' attack . He added seven rebounds , seven assists , a steal and two blocks . Thompson was next in line with 33 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and four steals . With the pair of superstars accounting for well over half of Golden_State 's scoring haul on the night , only two other players tallied double - digit points . Harrison Barnes supplied 11 , along with five rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Draymond Green contributed a 10 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a block . The Warriors remain the top - ranked team in the Western Conference , and also hold the best record in the NBA . They continue their trek through the Sunshine State with a visit to the Orlando Magic on Thursday . The Heat was led by a 32 - point effort from Dwyane Wade , who shook off his troublesome knee to help Miami keep pace . He also dished out seven assists , hauled in three rebounds , and had a steal and a block . Hassan Whiteside continued his stretch of highly impressive play off the bench , collecting 21 points , 13 boards , a steal and a pair of his trademark blocks . It was the 26 - year - old 's third consecutive double - double , which have all come off the bench following his return from a one - game suspension for elbowing the Spurs ' Boban Marjanovic before the All-Star break . Luol Deng , who 's been excellent in his own right while helping fill the void left by Chris Bosh 's ( calf ) absence , turned in a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double of his own that also featured three assists , a steal and a block . Goran Dragic was efficient , pitching in 13 points , handing out seven assists and tallying a steal . Second-round pick Josh Richardson got in on the act as well , managing a career - high 15 points , and adding two rebounds , a block and a steal . Miami remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division and currently holds the fourth seed in the conference . They head to Boston for a showdown with the third - seeded Celtics on Saturday afternoon .
The Miami Heat ( 37 - 26 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 55 ) 103 - 98 on Sunday . For the second time in three nights , Miami dealt with a short - handed Sixers squad that nevertheless hung with them for four quarters . Philadelphia was once again without its starting frontcourt of Nerlens Noel ( knee ) and Jahlil Okafor ( shin ) , but received strong performances from their replacements , Carl Landry and Jerami Grant . Miami was able to pull away in the last three minutes of the final period with some outstanding defensive work on the part of Hassan Whiteside , who tallied a whopping seven blocks . The Heat equaled their 2014 - 15 win total with the victory , while Philadelphia still has only a pair of triumphs over Eastern Conference rivals this season . The Sixers were led by Ish Smith , who collected 21 points , five assists , four rebounds and a steal over 38 minutes . It was a second consecutive impressive outing for the Philadelphia point guard against one of the toughest units in the league versus the position . Landry was able to avoid the foul trouble that plagued him in the game against the Heat on Friday night , and finished with 18 points , seven rebounds and a steal . Hollis Thompson tallied 16 points and four rebounds in another start at shooting guard . Grant amassed a near double - double , registering nine points , eight boards , two assists and two blocks . Isaiah Canaan paced the reserves with 17 points , four assists and three rebounds , although he did pick up five fouls . Philadelphia continues in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face off against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night . Miami was led by a pair of 23 - point efforts from their backcourt duo of Goran Dragic and Dwyane Wade . The former supplemented his scoring with eight rebounds and five assists , while the latter also supplied three rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Joe Johnson registered 14 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Luol Deng rounded out a productive night for the starting five with a 12 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , two steals and a block . Whiteside was outstanding once again in pacing the Heat reserves , posting 14 points , 13 rebounds , an assist and the aforementioned seven rejections . The Heat remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeastern Division , and currently have possession of the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Wednesday night .
The Miami Heat ( 39 - 28 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 39 ) 124 - 119 on Monday . In a game between two teams who play at slow paces , the offenses were on display . Both teams shot over 50 percent from the field , but the Heat put up some gaudy shooting numbers . In fact , Miami went 59 percent from the field , 79 percent from the free - throw line and 47 percent from three - point range . The scoring was extremely even for the Heat , as they had five players who scored between 17 and 20 points in their win . This loss snapped a four - game winning streak for Denver , but it wasn’t for a lack of effort . They shot 53 percent from the field and outrebounded the Heat in a strong road performance . Emmanuel Mudiay continued his great form , as he accumulated 23 points and 10 assists . Kenneth Faried went a perfect 11 - for - 11 from the field to finish with a 24 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . On deck for Denver is a matchup against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday . No one player on Miami played spectacularly , but this was one of their best team efforts of the season . The bench was especially good , with Justice Winslow leading the team with 20 points off the pine . Hassan Whiteside double - doubled off the bench as well , while scoring 18 points on 6 - for - 7 shooting . Josh Richardson was a huge spark plug off the bench too , as he totaled 17 points , four rebounds , two steals and three blocks in the win . Luol Deng scored 17 , Dwyane Wade scored 18 , and Joe Johnson scored 18 in the victory . Up next for the Heat is a matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Thursday .
The Miami Heat ( 40 - 29 ) handily defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 49 - 20 ) 122 - 101 on Saturday . The Heat ambushed their unsuspecting visitors right from the jump , and kept the foot on the gas the rest of the way . Miami won the first quarter by a margin of 31 - 19 , and had built up a 65 - 44 lead by halftime . They tallied one of their best point totals of the season through superior shooting , as they managed a 55 success rate from the field , and an even more impressive 58 percent figure from beyond the arc . Dwyane Wade stepped up to lead the starters , and Josh Richardson and Hassan Whiteside were outstanding contributors off the bench . LeBron James did manage an impressive effort at the scene of some of his greatest career accomplishments , posting 26 points , three points , three assists and a steal . Kyrie Irving contributed 14 points , four assists and three steals . Richard Jefferson paced the bench with 20 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Matthew Delladedova also managed double - digit scoring off the bench , supplying 10 points , three assists and a rebound . Despite the loss , Cleveland remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and the conference as well , albeit by a slim 2 games ahead of the Toronto Raptors . They head back home to face off against the Denver Nuggets on Monday night . Wade totaled 24 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Goran Dragic and Joe Johnson were next with a pair of 18 - point efforts . Dragic also dished out 11 assists , hauled in four rebounds and recorded a steal , while Johnson posted three boards , two assists and two steals . Richardson led the bench with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Whiteside managed a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , which also included two assists and two blocks . Miami is currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is presently slotted in the fourth seed as well . They travel to New Orleans to face the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Miami Heat ( 42 - 30 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 43 ) 108 - 97 on Friday . A short - handed Magic squad surprised the Heat in the first half , mounting a 57 - 54 lead by intermission despite missing Nikola Vucevic ( groin ) and the sharpshooting Victor Oladipo , who sat out the game with a wrist injury . However , the tenor of the contest significantly changed in a crucial third quarter , which Miami won going away , 31 - 12 . As has often been the case during Chris Bosh 's extended absence due to blood clots , the duo of Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside stepped up significantly on offense . Both players eclipsed the 20 - point mark , and filled out the other areas of the stat sheet as well against the undermanned Orlando defense . The Magic were led by a strong effort from Evan Fournier , who supplied 20 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Andrew Nicholson was suprisingly right behind him , tallying a bench - leading 19 points , and also contributing six rebounds and an assist . Elfrid Payton followed up his triple - double in Orlando 's last contest versus the Pistons by putting together a 14 - point , seven - rebound , seven - assist stat line . Dewayne Dedmon received another start at center in Vucevic 's absence , and collected 10 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home against the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night . The Heat 's attack was spearheaded by Whiteside , who posted 26 points , 12 rebounds , a steal and five blocks off the bench . Dragic followed closely behind with 22 points , eight assists and four steals . Josh Richardson also made strong contributions in a reserve role , managing 14 points , two rebounds and two assists . Amar'e Stoudemire tallied 13 points , five rebounds and a steal . Luol Deng , who started the day with a questionable designation due to a thigh injury , posted 10 points , 13 boards , five assists , a steal and a block . Miami remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and has a hold of the fifth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Monday versus the Brooklyn Nets .
The Miami Heat ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 52 ) 110 - 99 on Monday . The Heat saw Goran Dragic get scratched for the starting lineup earlier in the afternoon due to an illness , giving impressive 2015 second - round rookie Josh Richardson another opportunity to shine . The Tennessee product has been productive in multiple appearances off the bench in the latter half of the season , and did not disappoint Monday in his start at point guard . He collected 16 points , five rebounds , three assists , a block and a pair of steals over 38 minutes for his sixth double - digit scoring performance in the last seven contests . Even though he received nominal playing time prior to the All-Star break , Richardson has provided Heat fans and management alike a favorable glimpse of his considerable potential in recent weeks . With Dragic out , it was Dwyane Wade who stepped up to lead the Miami attack . He totaled 30 points , nine assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Hassan Whiteside made his typically spectacular contributions off the bench , supplying 27 points , eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Justise Winslow was the only other Heat player to reach double - digit scoring , registering 13 points and three rebounds . The Heat remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the fifth seed as well . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Wednesday night . Brooklyn was paced by Brook Lopez 's 26 points , a total he supplemented with four rebounds and a block . Thaddeus Young checked in behind him with 20 points , nine rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . No other member of the starting five was able to manage double - digit points , although Shane Larkin did a nice job of filling out the stat sheet in a start at point guard with seven points , eight assists , three rebounds and three steals . Sean Kilpatrick led the reserves with 14 points and three rebounds in 21 minutes off the bench . The Nets remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head up the road to Orlando to take on the Magic on Tuesday night .
The Miami Heat ( 45 - 32 ) routed the Detroit Pistons ( 41 - 37 ) Tuesday night at AmericanAirlines Arena , 107 - 89 . Detroit 's offense was sluggish in the first half , as they failed to score 20 points in either of the first two quarters . Miami took advantage , as they built up a 54 - 36 halftime lead and never led by fewer than 13 in the second half . Goran Dragic scored a game - high 22 points as he knocked down all four of his three - point attempts and finished 9 - 15 from the field , and he added eight assists and five rebounds . Josh Richardson ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 5 3PT ) and Dwyane Wade ( 5 - 10 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) added 16 points apiece , and Hassan Whiteside added a double - double off the bench with 14 points and 12 rebounds . The Heat were humming offensively , as they shot 52 percent from the floor , 9 - 14 ( 64 percent ) from three , and recorded 22 assists against just nine turnovers . Tobias Harris ( 8 - 10 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and Reggie Jackson ( 6 - 18 FG , 8 - 8 FT ) paced the Pistons with 21 points apiece . Andre Drummond notched a double - double with 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 6 FT ) and 13 rebounds . But the only other Piston to reach double figures was Aron Baynes with 10 points ( 4 - 6 FG ) in 14 minutes off the bench . The Pistons shot 40 percent as a team and a brutal 5 - 21 ( 24 percent ) from deep , and they managed just 14 assists against 13 turnovers . The Heat continue their homestand Thursday against the Bulls . The Pistons finish a back - to - back Wednesday against the Magic in Orlando .
The Miami Heat ( 47 - 33 ) took care of business in a 118 - 96 win over the Orlando Magic ( 34 - 46 ) on Sunday . This game was meaningful to one team and not the other and that was evident with the on the court result . The Heat just slowly took it to the Magic , as they won all four quarters and took a 20 - point lead into the fourth . Miami 's offense was on point , as they shot 56 percent from the field and recorded 28 assists on their 43 made baskets . Orlando had very little to play for here and they simply didn’t play well in this meaningless game . The injuries to Victor Oladipo and Aaron Gordon were a huge difference , as their fill - ins really struggled . Evan Fournier did play well though , as he led the team with 21 points and five assists . Nikola Vucevic had a nice game too , as he totaled 19 points and eight rebounds . Up next for Orlando is a matchup with the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday . Miami is only one game out of landing the three - spot in the east and this win was a big step to that goal . Hassan Whiteside got his first start in months and amassed 18 points and 15 rebounds in another dominating performance . Goran Dragic , Dwyane Wade and Luol Deng all scored at least 17 points in their win as well . On deck for Miami is a matchup with the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday .
In their second matchup in three days with the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 3 ) , the Atlanta Hawks ( 3 - 1 ) again prevailed , winning 94 - 92 on Sunday . The visiting Hawks received balanced scoring from their starting lineup to guide them to the win column . Point guard Jeff Teague netted 18 points , center Al Horford notched 16 points and grabbed 12 rebounds , and forward Paul Millsap scored 13 points to go along with six boards and six assists . The recent play of Kent Bazemore , who has replaced Thabo Sefolosha as the team’s starting shooting guard , has been a key reason behind the Hawks’ success against the Hornets . In those two games , Bazemore has recorded 39 points , including 20 on Sunday . He also made his presence felt on the defensive end , recording three steals and a blocked shot . Though their attempt to claim their first win fell just short , the Hornets were able to set a club record for three - point attempts with 37 in the contest . However , they’re still struggling to find efficiency , as the team shot just 37 percent from the field Sunday . Kemba Walker finished as the team’s leading scorer with 17 points , while Nicolas Batum added 16 points , eight assists , five rebounds , and a pair of blocks and steals . Al Jefferson notched another double - double with 10 points and 10 boards . The Hawks will head to Miami on Tuesday for their next game , while Charlotte hosts the Bulls at home on the same night .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 1 - 3 ) secured their first win of the season in impressive fashion Tuesday against the Chicago Bulls ( 3 - 2 ) , winning 130 - 105 . Charlotte had lost by a combined five points over their last two games to the Atlanta Hawks , but Tuesday’s game was far from a nailbiter . The Hornets jumped out to a 37 - 20 lead after one quarter and held a 22 - point advantage at halftime . They finished the night shooting 52 percent from the field and an eye - popping 14 - for - 23 from behind the three - point arc . Leading the way for the home squad was Jeremy Lamb , who had previously signed a three - year , $ 21 million extension with the club a day earlier . Lamb finished with 20 points off the bench while knocking down 9 - of - 10 shots . Six other players - - Nicolas Batum ( 18 ) , Jeremy Lin ( 15 ) , Al Jefferson ( 14 ) , Kemba Walker ( 13 ) , Spencer Hawes ( 13 ) , and P.J. Hairston ( 10 ) - - reached double figures for Charlotte . The Bulls received their usual solid performance from Jimmy Butler ( 26 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting ) , but failed to get many contributions from the rest of the starting lineup . Derrick Rose was held to just four points in 24 minutes . It marked the first time in his career that he finished with less than 10 points in three consecutive games . Nikola Mirotic also fell back to earth after a hot start to the season , going 2 - for - 11 from the field to finish with five points . Strong showings off the bench from Doug McDermott ( 17 points ) and Aaron Brooks ( 14 points ) at least allowed the Bulls to reach the century mark . Chicago’s next game will come against the Oklahoma City Thunder at home Thursday . The Hornets will also be in action Thursday , as they’ll head to Dallas to face the Mavericks .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 5 - 5 ) took care of the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 7 ) 106 - 94 on Sunday . In a game that was seemingly over at halftime , the Trail_Blazers gave the Hornets a late scare . Charlotte outscored Portland by 14 points in the final two quarters and even got the deficit down to six points with three minutes left before the Hornets pulled away late . The difference in this matchup was as simple as shooting , as the Blazers shot just 39 percent , while the Hornets shot just shy of 50 percent . The three - point shooting was bad all - around though , as the teams combined to shoot 14 - for - 52 from long distance . These are teams going in opposite directions right now and this result exemplifies that fact . After a promising start to the season , the Blazers have now lost five - straight games . The losses can be attributed to the poor defense , as Portland have allowed at least 100 points in all five losses . They simply have to rely far too much on their guards to carry the offense and while they can score with anyone , they need some help . Damian Lillard had another good game here , as he tallied 23 points , eight rebounds and five assists in the defeat . C.J. McCollum struggled a bit with his shot , but still totaled 16 points on 5 - of - 18 shooing in the loss . This is a fun and exciting team to watch with their guard - play , but it 's not a recipe for victories with minimal quality post play . Portland will have a quick turnaround as they play the San Antonio Spurs on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back . The Hornets started off the season 0 - 3 , but appear to be a far better team than that by winning five of their last seven since . The recent success correlates with Nicolas Batum 's recent scoring surge , as he is averaging nearly 30 points a game over his last three games . On Sunday , he tallied 33 points , six assists and five rebounds in the win in another fantastic performance . Charlotte also got a great performance from Al Jefferson , who contributed 29 points , five rebounds and three assists in the victory . This is a very talented team and the more they play together , the better they 'll be . The Hornets next matchup will be on Tuesday against the New York Knicks .
The Hornets ( 6 - 6 ) were able to hold on for a 116 - 111 victory against the Nets ( 2 - 10 ) at Time Warner Cable Arena on Wednesday . With the score tied 86 - 86 after the third quarter , Nets coach Lionel Hollins decided to roll with a small lineup featuring Shane Larkin , Jarrett Jack , Markel Brown and Joe Johnson . It backfired , as the Hornets were able to take an eight - point lead and would eventually hold on for the win . Nic Batum led the way for Charlotte , scoring 24 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) while matching his season high of eight assists . Brooklyn had a chance to win its second straight game , but instead fell further behind in the Eastern Conference standings . Perhaps the difference in the game was the rebounding battle , which the Nets lost 49 to 37 while playing mediocre defense after holding the Hawks to 88 points in Tuesday 's win . Brook Lopez was limited to just five rebounds , shooting 8 - of - 19 from the floor before fouling out in the fourth quarter . Thad Young , who posted a season - high 27 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , scored 15 of his 27 in the third quarter to keep the Hornets from running away with the game . Jack nearly finished with a triple - double , pouring in 16 points with nine assists and eight rebounds over 33 minutes . Charlotte got contributions from everywhere Wednesday night , as seven players finished with double - digit scoring . The guard tandem of Kemba Walker and Jeremy Lin continues to work wonders for coach Steve Clifford , with Walker netting 18 points to go along with seven assists and seven rebounds . Lin came off the bench and scored 13 points over a season - high 29 minutes , pulling down nine rebounds and dishing out four assists for perhaps his most productive game of the season . The Hornets clearly feed off the home crowd , improve to 4 - 1 at TWC Arena this season . The Nets travel to Boston to face the Celtics on Friday ; the Hornets continue a seven - game homestand against the 76ers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 9 - 6 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 6 - 6 ) 101 - 87 on Wednesday thanks to a lopsided fourth quarter . The Wizards looked poised to win this game with a double - digit lead late in the third quarter , but just could n't buy a bucket in the fourth . In fact , the Wizards were an atrocious 1 - for - 20 from the field in the fourth quarter and were outscored 27 - 6 . Some other big differences in the game was that the Hornets out - rebounded and out - assisted the Wizards by substantial margins . The Wizards were playing well through three quarters , but it all unraveled after that . They absolutely collapsed over the final 12 minutes , as they made one basket and were outscored by 21 points . Washington was led by Marcin Gortat , who tallied 17 points and 12 rebounds in the defeat . They also got a nice performance from Gary Neal , who dropped 18 points off the bench . This was a collapse of epic proportions and it remains to be seem how this Wizards team will bounce back after a game like this . They 'll look to rebound on Friday when take on the Boston Celtics . The Hornets have been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA as of late and this epic comeback shows how gritty they can be . Charlotte ended the game on a 22 - 2 run and held the Wizards to one measly basket in the final 12 minutes . The two stars on this evening were Nicolas Batum and Jeremy Lamb . Batum totaled 16 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds in the win , while Lamb provided 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench . The Hornets have now won four - straight and nine of their last 12 . Skeptics were unsure what to think of this team at the beginning of the season , but they are proving to be a true threat in the East at this juncture . They 'll need to keep up this form , as they take on the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday in their next scheduled game .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 12 - 4 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 9 - 7 ) 95 - 90 on Friday . The Hornets have been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA right now , but the Cavaliers are simply better . Cleveland outscored the Hornets 23 - 14 in the final 12 minutes and they closed out the game like the winners they are . Both teams shot exactly 42 percent from the field and 76 percent from the free - throw line . The big difference was the rebounding , as Cleveland snatched 50 boards to the Hornets 38 . Cleveland did n't play their best game on Friday , but they escaped with a very impressive win . LeBron James and Kevin Love carried the load like they have been all season and they 're becoming one of the best tandems in the NBA right now . James tallied 25 points , 13 rebounds and five assists while Love amassed 18 points and 16 rebounds in the victory . They also got Timofey Mozgov back in this game from a shoulder injury and Tristan Thompson came off the bench to record yet another double - double . This has to be a satisfying win for King James , to beat a scorching - hot Charlotte team in front of Michael Jordan in their home building . The Cavs will look to keep up this nice run against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday . The Hornets had their four - game winning streak snapped in this loss , but it was n't for a lack of effort . In fact , Charlotte dominated the hustle stats as they committed 14 combined blocks and steals to the Cavs five . The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum in the defeat . Walker tallied 18 points , four rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocks while Batum totaled 17 points , eight rebounds and four assists in the loss . This still goes down as a loss , but it 's a message for the rest of the league that they can compete with anybody on any night . Charlotte will look to start a new winning streak against the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 10 - 7 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 6 - 11 ) 87 - 82 on Sunday . This was a sloppier game than expected , as the two team 's combined to shoot under 40 percent from the field . The second quarter was when the tide turned , as the Hornets outscored the Bucks 23 - 9 in that 12 - minute stretch . Charlotte is now 8 - 2 at home and Milwaukee is now 2 - 7 on the road and these are two teams going in opposite directions right now . The Bucks have been playing poorly lately and that continued on Sunday . The team shot just 57 percent from the free - throw line and the bench amassed just 15 total points . Milwaukee has now lost eight of their last 10 and they are starting to look like a bad team . The good news is that the defense has been the problem all year and that really wasn’t the issue today . The Bucks will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Monday . The Hornets are one of the hottest teams in the NBA and they showed why on Sunday . They didn’t play well , but knuckled down defensively to pick up an impressive win . The team was led by Kemba Walker , who tallied 22 points and three assists in the victory . After losing their first three games , Charlotte has now won 10 of their last 14 games and are steadily moving up the Eastern Conference standings . They 'll have their biggest test of the season in their next game , when they take on the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 200 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 10 - 8 ) 116 - 99 on Wednesday at Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte . As audiences have become accustomed to so far this NBA season , the Warriors again put on another offensive clinic . As a team , they shot an impressive 52 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Hornets finished at just 37 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from deep . The Hornets forced the Warriors into a whopping 21 turnovers , but could n't get their shots to fall offensively and ended up taking a 17 - point loss in front of their home crowd Wednesday . It was the Stephen Curry show for the Warriors.Curry was nearly perfect with his shot , ending the night with a game - high of 40 points ( 14 - 18 FG , 8 - 11 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , while also adding three rebounds and five assists . The sixth - year , reigning MVP is moving at an unbelievable pace behind the arc so far this season and has currently shot 50 percent or higher in four straight games . He 's now averaging 32 points , 5 rebounds and 6 assists on the year . Curry did n't do it alone , though , as Klay Thompson added 21 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds over 29 minutes . Thompson has picked up his production of late as well , combining for 41 points and eight rebounds over his last two games . Draymond Green struggled offensively with just four points ( 2 - 9 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , but did a little bit of everything else with 11 rebounds , nine assists and three blocked shots . His 11 rebounds helped the Warriors secure a 53 - 41 advantage as a team on the boards . Nicolas Batum was the only Hornets ' starter to get anything going . Batum went off for a team - high of 17 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with eight rebounds and three steals . Batum has hit just 5 - of - 21 three - point attempts over his last three games , so his 1 - for - 6 showing Wednesday did n't give any indication of him turning things around . Jeremy Lamb , Frank Kaminsky and Spencer Hawes all reached double figures in points off the bench . Kaminsky , the rookie out of Wisconsin , led the group with 16 points , while shooting an efficient 5 - for - 8 from the field and 3 - for - 3 from beyond the arc . It was arguably the best game of his young career , with the 18 points registering as a new career - high . Lamb added 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds , while Hawes recorded 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds . The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday , while the Hornets will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Saturday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 12 - 8 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 12 - 10 ) 104 - 84 on Monday . Pistons center Andre Drummond has undeniably been one of the NBA 's most improved and productive players of the 2015 - 16 campaign , having impressively tallied double - digit scoring in every game , as well as double - doubles in all but one contest . Meanwhile , a Charlotte defense that was ranked in the bottom 10 of the league in points and rebounds surrendered to opposing centers had recently been weakened even further by the loss of center Al Jefferson to a multi - week calf injury . However , the Hornets somehow managed to get Drummond into foul trouble Monday , limiting him to 24 minutes and prompting his first single - digit scoring night of the year . The home team surprisingly dominated overall down low , outscoring the Pistons 46 to 34 in the paint and outrebounding them 57 to 41 . The unexpected success led Charlotte to post their third victory with a margin of 20 or more points this season . For Detroit , veteran power forward Ersan Ilyasova stepped up during Drummond 's extended stint on the bench , totaling 15 points , 13 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block for his first double - double of the season . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ( 16 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal ) and Marcus Morris ( 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block ) joined Ilyasova as double - digit scorers , while Reggie Jackson and Drummond amazingly posted season - lows of four and nine points , respectively . Steve Blake paced the Pistons ' bench with a second consecutive nine - point performance . Detroit dropped to 12 - 10 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Memphis for a matchup versus the Grizzlies on Wednesday . The Hornets were lead by a second straight strong effort from Cody Zeller in Jefferson 's stead , as he tallied a season - high 20 points and added six rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . The outing comes on the heels of a 17 - point , eight - rebound performance by the third - year pro versus the Bulls . Marvin Williams supported Zeller in the frontcourt with a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . Kemba Walker , questionable before the game with an illness , came within a rebound of his own double - double , totaling 14 points , nine boards , a pair of assists , a steal and a block . Nicolas Batum stuffed the stat sheet once again , amassing 13 points , eight assists , seven rebounds and a pair of steals . Jeremy Lin paced the Charlotte reserves with an efficient 13 - point , four - assist , three - rebound effort , while also adding a pair of steals . The Hornets improved to 12 - 8 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a showdown with the Miami Heat on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 13 - 8 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 12 - 8 ) by a score of 99 - 81 , in Charlotte on Wednesday night . Charlotte has now won three in a row and are 8 - 2 in their last 10 games . With this win Charlotte has surpassed Miami in the standings and now sits second in the East . The Hornets grabbed control of this game from the moment they went up 7 - 6 with nine minutes left in the first quarter , leading for the rest of the game . Charlotte led 80 - 54 going into the fourth quarter . A stronger fourth quarter from Miami allowed them to avoid a total blowout . Charlotte 's home court advantage was in full effect as Miami shot only 38 percent from the field . The Heat were led in scoring by Tyler Johnson who shot 6 - 12 from the field and finished with 20 points , two assists , two rebounds , one steal and one block , in 29 minutes . Gerald Green tallied 11 points , three rebounds and two blocked shots , on 4 - 10 shooting . Dwyane Wade chipped in 11 points , four assists and two rebounds . No one else scored in double digits for Miami , who simply struggled to get any momentum going in Charlotte . The Hornets as a team shot 49 percent from the field , recorded 27 assists and had only 11 turnovers compared the 18 they forced out of Miami . Kemba Walker had a solid game with 18 points on 8 - 13 shooting , five rebounds , four assists and five steals , leading the way to a good team win . Marvin Williams also contributed 18 points , on 7 - 11 shooting , along with four rebounds . Nicolas Batum filled the stat sheet with a triple - double including 10 points , 11 rebounds and 11 assists , in 27 minutes . The Hornets were missing big Al Jefferson who was out with a calf strain , but who also was just suspended for five games for violating the NBA 's anti - drug policy . Next up Charlotte will be in Memphis on Friday . Miami will be in Indiana Friday for another tough road game against a top Eastern opponent .
The Boston Celtics ( 14 - 10 ) beat the rising Charlotte Hornets ( 14 - 9 ) after the teams traded three - pointers in the final 30 seconds . For Boston , the win came on the coattails of a devestating loss in double overtime against the Golden State Warriors . Despite the extended matchup on Friday , the Celtics came out guns blazing in Charlotte . Rising star Avery Bradley led the way with 23 points , while point guard Isaiah Thomas had a 21 - point , 13 - assist double - double . Boston has exceeded most expert 's expectations this season , now sitting four games above .500 and coming off a back - to - back in which they defeated the Eastern Conference 's second seed and came seconds away from snapping the Golden State Warriors ' historic win streak . The young team , along with third - year coach Brad Stevens will hope to improve upon last year 's surprising playoff run . Meanwhile , the loss comes as a bit of a momentum killer for Charlotte , who had won five of their previous six games . Even in the face of a loss , small forward Nicolas Batum put up strong numbers . In his first year with the Hornets , Batum has been impeccable , putting up impressive averages of 17 points , 7 rebounds , and 5 assists and helping the lottery team transform into one of the Eastern Conference 's toughest matchups . Point guard Kemba Walker , meanwhile , had an off shooting night , going just 5 - 15 from the floor . After what was a heartbreaking Friday night for Boston , the win against Charlotte should help the team regain its momentum before a big game against Cleveland on Tuesday . Charlotte 's next matchup will be against the Magic in Orlando on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 15 - 10 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 16 - 11 ) 109 - 99 in overtime on Thursday . The Hornets ' prized offseason acquisition , Nicolas Batum , left Wednesday night 's contest versus the Magic with an illness . That same malady extended into Thursday , opening up the starting opportunity for Jeremy Lin . The six - year pro had his best scoring game in over two years , tallying a game - high 35 points on outstanding 13 of 22 shooting from the field . The total included a pair of three - pointers , and was amassed over a robust 47 minutes . Lin 's previous scoring high on the season was 19 points , but the 27 - year - old showed that he is still highly capable of a breakout performance when given extended opportunity . The player who had considerable trouble defending Lin , DeMar DeRozan , nevertheless had a stellar offensive showing of his own . The Raptors ' shooting guard collected a team - high 31 points and added five assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block . The outing was DeRozan 's fifth consecutive game with 20 or more points . His trusty backcourt mate Kyle Lowry pitched in with 20 points , but needed an astounding amount of shot attempts to get there . Lowry was an atrocious 6 of 29 from the field , including 3 for 17 from beyond the arc . Bismack Biyombo and Terrence Ross both provided solid contributions , with the former accumulating a season - high 18 rebounds ( along with eight points ) , and the latter pouring in 17 points on the strength of a season - high five three - pointers . The Raptors fell to 16 - 11 but remain in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Miami to take on the Heat on Friday . Kemba Walker was the second member of the Hornets ' backcourt to spearhead Charlotte 's offensive attack , supporting Lin 's effort with 27 points of his own . He added seven assists , six rebounds , a pair of blocks and a steal . Marvin Williams contributed a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , while P.J. Hairston pitched in with a second straight 14 - point performance that included a season - high four three - pointers . One of those long - range buckets came with 1:30 left in the overtime period and gave the home team a lead they would not relinquish . Spencer Hawes was highly productive off the bench , collecting a modest five points but hauling in an impressive 10 boards . He added four assists , three steals and a block in a highly efficient 23 minutes of action . The Hornets improved to 15 - 10 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Washington for a Saturday night showdown with the Wizards .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 16 - 13 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 16 - 16 ) 98 - 92 on Saturday night This was a tight game throughout , but the Hornets ended up prevailing in the final quarter winning it 24 - 18 . Both teams struggled from the field , as they barely shot over 40 percent a piece . The biggest differential was the free - throw shooting , as Memphis went just 11 - for - 21 while Charlotte went 28 - for - 32 . This snapped a three - game losing streak for Charlotte and this was the first time Al Jefferson played in about a month . Memphis got one of their best games of the season out of Zach Randolph , but the rest of the team didn’t play well enough . Randolph , Marc Gasol and Mike Conley all scored in between 18 and 19 points , but no other player scored more than eight points . Conley was the best player for Memphis on this night , as he tallied 19 points , seven assists four rebounds and three steals in the loss . Randolph tallied 18 points and 12 rebounds in his best game off the bench this season . Memphis will have a much better chance at a win when they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday in their next game . The Hornets have been struggling a bit as of late , but free - throw shooting got them a victory here . Nicolas Batum and Kemba Walker both flirted with triple - doubles and carried the Hornets to a win . Batum accumulated 20 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists in the win . Walker had a team - high 22 points and also pitched in six rebounds and eight assists . They also got 17 minutes from Al Jefferson who fouled out in a rusty performance . Charlotte has a good chance to start a winning - streak when they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday in their next scheduled game .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 13 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 27 ) 108 - 98 on Monday . After a lackluster showing against the Grizzlies on Sunday , the Lakers came ready to play , looking like a team that was capable of much more than the five wins they had amassed on the season . The two teams hit intermission all knotted up at 58 , Los_Angeles ' best first - half point tally of the current campaign . However , Kemba Walker took control of the game in the second half for the Hornets , particularly in the final period . The 25 - year - old guard collected 18 of his 23 second - half points in the fourth quarter , helping Charlotte pull away from the Lakers by a 10 - point margin at game 's end . Walker shot an outstanding 56 percent ( 14 - for - 25 ) from the field , and drained half of his six three - point attempts for an eye - popping 38 points overall . Los_Angeles was led once again by Kobe Bryant , who amassed 20 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists . Although he was the Lakers ' top scorer , some of the shooting struggles that he 'd left behind in recent games did resurface . The future Hall of Famer could only sink 25 percent of his 20 attempts from the field , making it his worst figure in that category since a 13 percent - outing versus Detroit on December 6 . Larry Nance , Jr. did follow up his first career double - double on Sunday with a 12 - point , seven - rebound encore , and Louis Williams pitched in with a nicely rounded line of 11 points , seven assists and four boards . The bench also provided outstanding production , as Brandon Bass ( 12 points , three rebounds , an assist and two steals ) was joined by Julius Randle ( 11 points , six rebounds ) and Nick Young ( 11 points , two assists and a rebound ) as double - digit scoring reserves . The Lakers fell to 5 - 27 and remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Boston to face off against the Celtics on Wednesday . In addition to Walker 's memorable performance , the Hornets also benefitted from another productive effort from Cody Zeller , Even though Al Jefferson was active for his second game after missing 11 contests with a calf injury and suspension , Zeller still received 33 minutes and managed 16 points , eight rebounds and a pair of assists . Nicolas Batum posted a second straight double - double , collecting 15 points , dishing out 11 assists , and topping it off with five boards . P.J. Hairston added 13 points , and Jeremy Lin matched his scoring total from the bench , while adding six rebounds , four assists , a pair of blocks and a steal against his former teammates . Charlotte improved to 17 - 13 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home to face the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 18 - 25 ) handily defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 18 - 22 ) on Saturday , 105 - 92 . The Bucks have been hit - or - miss this season , and have now picked up two in a row after an impressive win against the powerful Atlanta Hawks . Milwaukee dominated all sectors of the game , shooting 54 percent from the field while holding their opponents to just 38 percent and out - rebounding Charlotte 46 - 35 . Milwaukee , behind Greg Monroe 's 19 points and 10 rebounds , maintained a 46 - 36 edge in points in the paint . Guard Khris Middleton also lit it up from the field , scoring 24 points on 11 of 16 shooting . For the Hornets , the loss is the second straight and the ninth in 10 games . Charlotte has been in a downward spiral since a surprisingly hot start to the season , and is now the coldest team in the NBA . Center Al Jefferson has been sidelined with multiple knee injuries and a drug suspension , which has not helped Charlotte 's weak play in the paint . Even in the face of a losing streak , Kemba Walker has maintained strong play . The point guard scored 12 and dished out six assists on Saturday . Charlotte 's next matchup will be against Utah on Monday . The Bucks , meanwhile , will travel to Miami on Tuesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 21 - 23 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 22 - 24 ) on Saturday , 97 - 84 , to improve to 16 - 8 at home . For Charlotte , a promising week ended on a high note , as the team won its third of four games since Monday and now sits just two games shy of .500 . The week went even better for point guard Kemba Walker , who set a franchise record with 52 points against Utah to kick off the week , only to drop 40 two games later . Walker was once again the team 's top scorer against New_York , scoring 26 points to go along with six rebounds and five assists . Backcourt partner Jeremy Lin nearly matched Walker 's outputs , scoring 26 points and recording five rebounds and five assists . Charlotte converted on just 34 percent of attempts from the field on Saturday , but were able to win comfortably by holding their opponents to 38 percent and by holding an enormous advantage at the free - throw line . Charlotte hit 32 of 37 free - throw attempts , while New_York went an abysmal 19 for 32 . The Knicks are now on a two - game slide , losing both matchups by double - digits . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis bounced back from a poor 4 - for - 17 performance on Friday , posting 13 points on 4 for 9 shooting and recording three blocks . All-Star starter Carmelo Anthony , however , struggled mightily , tallying just nine points , six rebounds , and two assists . New_York will have two days to rest after completing a back - to - back . They play host to the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday . Charlotte , meanwhile , will visit the Sacramento Kings on Monday .
The Miami Heat ( 29 - 22 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 24 - 26 ) 98 - 95 on the back of a 10 - point , 10 - rebound , 10 - block triple - double from center Hassan Whiteside . Miami has now won six of its last seven games . The Heat have slowly but surely worked their way up to tied for first in the Southeast Division , largely due to the play of All-Star starter and reigning Eastern Conference Player of the Week Dwyane Wade . Wade delivered on Saturday with a team - leading 22 points . The real story , however , was defensive anchor Hassan Whiteside 's rare points - rebounds - blocks triple - double . The recently - returned star provided a huge defensive spark off the bench for the Heat . Charlotte , despite the loss , has begun to turn things around after a horrendous start to the new year . The Hornets have now won five of their last eight despite the absence of center Al Jefferson . The team came close to a win on Friday , rolling with Miami to the very end of the fourth . Power forward Marvin Williams exploded for a game - high 27 points , leading the Hornets ' scoring effort . Meanwhile , forward Nicolas Batum delivered 21 points to go with six rebounds and seven assists . The impressive efforts were not enough , however , to trump Miami . The Hornets will host Washinton on Saturday . Miami , meanwhile , does not see action again until Sunday , when they take on the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 31 - 28 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 45 ) 126 - 92 on Tuesday . A lost season for the Suns only got worse , as the 34 - point defeat marked their 16th consecutive road loss and 11th straight by double digits , with the latter representing the longest such streak by a team since the 1992 - 93 campaign . The debacle Tuesday was also their second defeat by more than 30 points in the last four contests . The two bright spots in recent games for Phoenix have been at the power forward spot , with Alex Len and Mirza Teletovic forming a formidable 1 - 2 punch . Such was the case again Tuesday , as the pair of big men combined for 35 points , nearly 40 percent of the team 's total scoring on the night . Precious few other players , be they starters or reserves , found the net with any consistency for the Suns , who shot 36 percent from the field and 22 percent from three - point range in the lopsided loss . Len 's 18 - point , 12 - rebound double - double spearheaded the Phoenix offense , and he added an assist as well . Teletovic followed with the second - highest scoring tally on the team in his 20 minutes on the court , amassing 17 points , a rebound , an assist and a block . Devin Booker was the only other starter besides Len to manage double - digit scoring for the visitors , collecting 13 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . John Jenkins also contributed 11 points , a rebound and an assist in an efficient 14 minutes off the bench , while former starter Archie Goodwin supplied 10 points , four rebounds and two assists in a reserve role as well . The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Miami to take on the Heat on Thursday night . With a 68 - 42 advantage by halftime , the Hornets did n't exactly need an overabundance of minutes from their starters , but Kemba Walker still managed to total 26 points , nine assists , six rebounds and a steal . Al Jefferson was the second - highest scorer in a point - per - minute performance off the bench , as he tallied 19 on the scorebard , and added seven rebounds and a block in just 19 minutes of court time . Nicolas Batum and Jeremy Lamb followed with a pair of 15 - point efforts . Batum made his contribution as a member of the starting five and added nine rebounds , four assists and a steal to his stat line , while Lamb also hauled in six boards in just 15 minutes as a reserve . While the other three members of the first unit - - Marvin Williams , Cody Zeller and Courtney Lee - - failed to score in double digits , they also all played under 30 minutes . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division are now in possession of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face off with the Sixers on Wednesday night .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 34 - 28 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 23 - 44 ) 108 - 103 on Monday . The back - and - forth affair saw the two clubs alternate winning periods , with the Hornets besting the visitors in the first and third quarters , and Minnesota enjoying the advantage in the second and fourth . The Timberwolves also saw all five starters tally double - digit point totals , while outscoring the Hornets 54 - 36 in the paint and outrunning them on fast breaks by a margin of 24 - 7 . However , Kemba Walker continued his excellent recent stretch of play , scoring 21 of his 34 points in a pivotal third period that allowed the home team to gain some distance after they 'd trailed 49 - 47 at halftime . The lead they built was enough to sustain them in the fourth quarter , and send the Hornets home as winners of their fourth straight game . Minnesota was led by standout rookie Karl-Anthony Towns , who managed a 28 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two blocks and a steal . Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with 25 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The second - year pro now has 51 points over his last two contests . Zach LaVine continued to play well in his starting opportunities , amassing 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Gorgui Dieng had a near double - double with 12 points , nine boards , an assist , four steals and a pair of blocks . Ricky Rubio pitched in with 10 points , 10 assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday night . Walker added seven rebounds and six assists to his team - high scoring total . Marvin Williams checked in as a distant second with 15 points , seven rebounds , an assist , a steal and three blocks . Nicolas Batum finished with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks as the only other starter with double - digit scoring . Al Jefferson paced the reserves with 20 points , six rebounds and two assists over 26 minutes , his highest allotment of playing time since returning from injury nine games ago . The Hornets remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently in possession of the sixth seed in the conference . They 're home again on Wednesday night versus the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 35 - 28 ) defeated the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 39 ) on Wenesday 122 - 113 . Kemba Walker led the team with 35 points , his fourth straight outing of 30 or more points . Walker has been on an absolute tear of late , averaging 32 points per game over the duration of Charlotte 's current five - game win streak . The point guard has also knocked down an average of four three - pointers per game on 51 percent from beyond the arc during this stretch , and has been shooting 53 percent from the field as a whole . He is now just the second player in Charlotte 's history to score 30 or more in four consecutive contests . Even excluding Kemba Walker , the Hornets had a strong showing on the floor . Seven Charlotte players scored in double - digits , with all five starters reaching at least 13 . The team shot 46 percent from the floor , but even more importantly had just five team turnovers on the night . The Hornets have been a model of safety and efficiency over the course of their win streak , only proving their ability to make wise decisions in Wednesday 's contest . 40 points from Anthony Davis and 38 from Jrue Holiday were not enough to earn New_Orleans the win . Davis was the unequivocal focal point for the Pels on Wednesday , taking a team - high 26 shots and pulling down 13 rebounds . Holiday , meanwhile , was lights - out from deep , hitting five three - pointers en route to 13 field goals made . The issue for New_Orleans was team play , as the rest of the Pelicans shot just 36 percent from the field on the night . Charlotte held a major advantage in turnovers , as New_Orleans committed 13 . The Pelicans will visit the Grizzlies on Friday . The Hornets will look to extend their win streak on Friday as they host the Pistons .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 38 - 29 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 38 ) on Wednesday , 107 - 99 . The Hornets have now won eight of their last nine games , quickly rising up the Eastern Conference standings . A large part of Charlotte 's push has been due to the play of point guard Kemba Walker , who is averaging 26 points and 7 assists over the team 's last 10 contests . Walker made another big contribution on Wednesday , scoring 16 and pulling down a surprising eight rebounds . He was upstaged , however , by forwards Marvin Williams and Nic Batum , who posted 26 points apiece . Batum also facilitated the offense nicely , dishing out a team - high nine assists . For the Magic , meanwhile , any playoff hopes are beginning to slip away , as the team now sits nine games below .500 . Guard Victor Oladipo scored 25 points in one of his stronger outings of the season . The scoring was needed , however , as the frontcourt combo of Aaron Gordon and Dewayne Dedmon combined for just one point on the night . The team struggled from the field as a whole , shooting just 42 percent . The Magic will host the Cavaliers on Friday , while the Hornets will visit Miami on Thursday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 40 - 30 ) upset the San_Antonio Spurs ( 59 - 11 ) 91 - 88 on Monday . Considering the way the game started , Monday night 's outcome could well be one of the unlikeliest of the season . San_Antonio , riding high after an 87 - 79 suffocation of the Golden State Warriors on Saturday night , thoroughly dominated the Hornets over the first 12 minutes . The Spurs led by the remarkable margin of 28 - 7 after one quarter , holding their hosts to 3 - for - 21 shooting and forcing five turnovers . However , Charlotte mounted a steady comeback throughout the rest of the game with Jeremy Lin , Courtney Lee and Nicolas Batum all playing key roles . Ultimately , the Hornets saw Lin score 15 of his 29 points in the fourth quarter , and they withstood two three - point attempts from Patty Mills and Danny Green at the end of regulation to hold on for the victory . The Spurs were led by Tony Parker 's 19 points , which he complemented with seven assists , five rebounds , a steal and two blocks . LaMarcus Aldridge was right behind with 18 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and a block . Tim Duncan was excellent in his return to the starting lineup , posting a 16 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two steals and four blocks . Kawhi Leonard pitched in with 15 points , six rebounds and two steals . The Spurs remain atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and currently hold the second seed in the conference as well . They 'll be back home Wednesday to face off against the Miami Heat . Lin added seven rebounds , two assists and a steal to his game - high scoring total , which included four three - pointers . Lee was next with 17 points , two assists , two rebounds and four steals . Batum registered 15 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Cody Zeller could only contribute a modest six points , but did haul in 14 boards and dished out three assists . He also recorded a steal . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and have a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Tuesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 44 - 31 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 67 ) 100 - 91 on Friday . Despite their lamentable record , Philadelphia can take some solace in how competitive they 've managed to be against a number of playoff teams , even in the latter stages of the season . They were facing even longer odds than usual Friday , with the contest taking place at Time Warner Cable Arena , where Charlotte had amassed an impressive 27 - 11 record coming into the night . The Sixers ' frontcourt also continued to find itself in an injury - riddled state , as Nerlens Noel ( knee ) and Richaun Holmes ( Achilles ) were forced to miss the game with their respective injuries . However , Jerami Grant stepped in at power forward and acquitted himself well once again , while Carl Landry continued to provide some veteran leadership while manning the center position . Although they were unable to secure the victory , Philadelphia received encouraging efforts from across their roster . The Sixers ' effort was spearheaded by a pair of 17 - point efforts from Hollis Thompson and Grant . The former also added two rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter contributed a pair of rebounds , an assist and two steals . Landry was next with 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Elton Brand got plenty of playing time off the bench due to the decimated state of the Philadelphia frontcourt , and tallied a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Nik Stauskas was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 11 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face the Indiana Pacers on Saturday night . Charlotte was led by Kemba Walker 's 27 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , four assists and a steal . Nicolas Batum followed with 19 points , seven assists and four rebounds . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , but Cody Zeller did fill out the stat sheet with eight points , nine rebounds , two assists and three steals . Al Jefferson paced the reserves with 13 points , seven rebounds , a pair of blocks and a steal . The Hornets are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the fourth seed in the conference . They head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 48 - 34 ) closed out the season with their fourth win in five games , this time an easy 117 - 103 win over the Orlando Magic ( 35 - 47 ) . With less than a game separating the third and sixth seed in the Eastern Conference headed into Wednesday , Charlotte 's fate has yet to be sealed . However , the Hornets have been in high gear of late , finishing out the season as one of the hottest teams in basketball . Veteran big man Al Jefferson delivered a vintage perfromance on Wednesday , dropping in 26 points on 11 - for - 15 shooting and showcasing a wide array of post moves . Everything seemed to work for the Hornets , as the team hit 55 percent of its shots , 11 three - pointers , and dished out 32 total assists . Orlando , meanwhile , closed out another quiet lottery - bound season in disappointing fashion . While breakout guard Evan Fournier dropped 22 points , a figure matched by sophomore Aaron Gordon , the team could simply not do the job against its divisional rival . The Magic were out - rebounded 46 - 39 and could not find the net nearly as well as their opponents , shooting only 46 percent . The Hornets will take on either the Hawks , Celtics , or Heat in the first round of the playoffs .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 2 - 2 ) on Wednesday by a score of 108 - 92 at EnergySolutions Arena in Salt Lake City . The Trail_Blazers , as they have been all season , were led by their backcourt of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum , who combined for 62 of the team 's 108 points . Lillard led the way , scoring 35 points ( 14 - 27 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt ) on top of four rebounds and three assists in 40 minutes . McCollum added 27 points on an efficient 10 - of - 13 shooting from the field in 35 minutes . Mason Plumlee recorded his first double - double of the season , recording 12 points and a game - high 16 rebounds in 35 minutes , while Maurice Harkless ( 15 ) and Al-Farouq Aminu ( 13 ) rounded out the five Portland players who scored in double figures . The Jazz’s offensive was abysmal Wednesday , as the team shot 38 percent from the field and hit on just 21 percent of their attempts from behind the arc . Alec Burks still managed to stay effective coming off the bench , finishing with a team - high 21 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 11 - 15 FT ) in 32 minutes . While Gordon Hayward’s shooting struggles continued Wednesday ( he went 7 - of - 20 from the field ) , he still managed a season - high 19 points . Derrick Favors , who was questionable heading into the game due to a case of the flu , grabbed 10 rebounds , but only managed six points in 25 minutes . Trey Burke had his best outing of the season , scoring 17 points in 26 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Trail_Blazers will head home Thursday to take on Memphis , while the Jazz will head to Denver to go up against the Nuggets .
The Utah Jazz ( 4 - 2 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzles ( 3 - 4 ) 89 - 79 on Saturday . This was the defensive struggle that everyone anticipated , as it was a true grind fest . There were 15 combined steals , 11 combined blocks and the two teams combined to shoot under 37 percent from the field . This was a battle of dominant frontcourts and the Jazz appeared to win the battle , as they out - rebounded Memphis 49 - 44 while out - blocking them 10 - 1 . The teams also did a great job of not allowing the other to get to the free - throw line , as there were only 32 free - throw attempts all game long . While this was a tough loss for the Grizzlies , they did show some fight in the fourth quarter . Trailing 77 - 57 after the end of the third quarter , Memphis decided to turn on the defensive jets and held Utah to just 12 points in the final 12 minutes . They still couldn’t prevail , but at least the Grizzlies showed some fight . This has been a scary trend for the Grizzlies this season , as their four losses have been by a combined 109 points . This is one of the worst offensive teams in the league right now and they 'll have to figure something out on that end of the floor if they want to dig out of this hole . Memphis will have another tough matchup in their next game on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers . The Jazz defense is down right dominant right now , as they lowered their average of points allowed per game in this victory . They have now allowed under 84 points in four of their last five games and that can be attributed to their huge frontcourt . Rudy Gobert had 11 rebounds and four blocks in the game , while Derrick Favors added 12 points , 16 rebounds and three steals in the victory . The key to the win was a huge performance off the bench from Trey Burke , who scored a game - high 24 points while going 6 - for - 8 from three - point range . Utah will face another dominant defense in their net game when they travel to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Utah Jazz ( 6 - 5 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 6 ) Wednesday 93 - 89 at the Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City . While it was the Raptors that entered the final quarter with a five - point lead , a Jazz run ultimately put them ahead . Toronto couldn’t climb out of the hole and Utah ultimately walked away with a win that put them back over .500 . It was a balanced offensive attack from the Jazz , who had five players finish in double figures . Derrick Favors led the way , recording a double - double of 18 points and 11 rebounds in 32 minutes , with Gordon Hayward not too far behind , recording 17 points and seven rebounds in 35 minutes . Rodney Hood ( 16 ) was the only other starter to reach double figures , while Alex Burks and Trey Burke scored 13 and 10 points respectively off the bench . Luis Scola led the way for Toronto in the losing effort , recording 22 points ( 10 - 15 FG ) and five rebounds in 30 minutes . Kyle Lowry was close behind , scoring 20 points and recording six assists and three steals in 37 minutes . It was the starters carrying the load for the Raptors , as their bench managed to score just 15 total points . Up next , the Jazz will travel to Dallas to go up against the Mavericks Friday , while the Raptors will head to Los Angeles Friday and play the Lakers .
The Orlando Magic ( 11 - 8 ) tallied their fifth straight victory on Thursday , defeating the Utah Jazz ( 8 - 9 ) 103 - 94 . The Magic continued to surprise the NBA in Salt Lake City , advancing their record to three games above .500 . The young and up - and - coming team has been winning with a balanced offensive approach , as they shot 45 percent from the field and saw six players score at least 14 points . Third-year shooting guard Victor Oladipo continues to shine in a reserve role , as he posted 14 points and seven rebounds in 24 minutes . Sophomore point guard Elfrid Payton , meanwhile , helped to bring a spark to the starting five , posting 14 points and seven assists to go along with two steals . Overall , the Magic have been seeing everything click on both sides of the ball , and have been seeing contributions across the roster . The Jazz , meanwhile , felt the absence of star center Rudy Gobert ( MCL ) . The defensive powerhouse was ruled out indefinitely following an MCL sprain suffered during Wednesday 's practice . In lieu of the dominant big , power forward Derrick Favors slid over to center , making room for forward Trevor Booker to enter the starting five . Despite an impressive 24 - point outing from small forward Gordon Hayward , the rest of the team simply could not get the job done against the Magic at home . The team will hope for a speedy return from their highly - valued center . Orlando is on one of the biggest hot streaks in the NBA , and will hope to continue that trend as they visit the Clippers on Saturday . The Jazz , meanwhile , dipped below .500 with the loss to Orlando . They will seek to even out their record as they take on Paul George and the red - hot Pacers on Saturday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 15 - 8 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 10 - 11 ) 94 - 90 on Friday night . The Thunder took a 27 - 15 lead after the first quarter and did n't relinquish the lead after that . Not only did they outrebound the Jazz , they shot 47 percent from the field and 87 percent from the free - throw line . The starters were the big difference , as the Oklahoma_City starters scored 64 points to Utah 's 43 points . Oklahoma_City did n't play the cleanest game , but they came away with a hard fought win in a tough environment . That now gives them eight wins in their last 10 games and they appear to be back at full - force . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook carried the load once again , as they totaled 45 points , 15 rebounds , 10 assists and four steals in the win . No other player had more than 11 , but this is one of the few teams in the NBA who can live off just two players . The Thunder will look to keep this hot stretch going when they take on these same Jazz on Sunday . Utah did a great job of climbing back in this game , but just could n't pull it out late . They got it down to a two - point lead late in the fourth quarter , but did n't get any help from OKC . Gordon Hayward led the team with 19 points , eight rebounds and three assists in the loss . Alec Burks and Trey Burke also had nice games off the bench , as they each recorded at least 15 points , three rebounds and four assists . They needed more from their other starters though , as they combined for just 11 points outside of Hayward and Derrick Favors . The Jazz will look to avenge this loss when they get a rematch against these same Thunder on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz ( 11 - 14 ) held down the Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 15 ) in a 97 - 88 win on Friday , The Jazz are known as one of the best defensive teams in the league and that carried them on Friday . They held the Nuggets to just 15 points in the fourth quarter and to 6 - for - 28 shooting from three - point range in the game . Utah went on a 70 run in the middle of the fourth quarter and that really set the teams apart to give the Jazz the win . That snapped a four - game losing streak for Utah and a hot six - game stretch for Denver Denver came into this game winning five of their last six and played well enough to win here . They just could n't hit jumpers , as they shot below 25 percent on shots outside of the key . Will Barton led the team with 16 points scored off the bench and continues to show his versatility and growth . Joffrey Lauvergne also played well , as he recorded a 12 points - 13 rebound double - double in the loss . This team has been playing better lately and this is a tough task playing in Utah against a hungry Jazz team . The Nuggets will look to bounce - back when they host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . Utah had lost four - straight coming into this , so it was a much needed win . Gordon Hayward was the star in the game , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and four assists in the win . No other player scored more than 13 points , but they did have nine players score at least five points . The offense has really been struggling this season , but they 'll hope a 47 percent shooting night will get the team going . Utah will look to keep this momentum going on Monday against the Phoenix Suns , another poor defensive team .
The Utah Jazz ( 12 - 14 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 18 ) Monday 107 - 81 at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City . The Jazz maintained control of the game from the very start , opening up a 12 - point lead at the end of the first quarter and never looking back . They were led by Gordon Hayward’s game - high 24 points , and the small forward has now recorded at least 20 points in three straight games . Derrick Favors was also effective , recording 18 points and nine rebounds in 33 minutes . Rodney Hood scored 14 points in 35 minutes , while Alex Burks ( 13 ) and Trey Burke ( 11 ) each reached double figures off the bench . It was a disastrous night from the Suns’ starters , as the unit combined to score just 30 points , with Eric Bledsoe scoring just eight points on 2 - of - 10 shooting in 26 minutes . The only reason the team put up a somewhat respectable point total was Brandon Knight’s effort in his new role off the bench , as he scored a game - high 26 points in 35 minutes as a reserve . Mirza Teletovic scored 17 points in 21 minutes off the bench and was the only other Phoenix player to score in double figures . Overall , it was simply too inefficient of a night for the Suns , as they shot under 40 percent from the field and recorded just 12 assists to 13 turnovers . Up next , the Jazz will travel to Oakland Wednesday to take on the Warriors , while the Suns will head home Wednesday to play the Nuggets .
The Utah Jazz ( 14 - 17 ) picked up the 109 - 96 win at home against division - rival , Portland Trail_Blazers ( 14 - 21 ) , on Thursday night . Both teams came into this game injury - riddled and on the second night of a back - to - back . The Blazers were riding a three - game winning streak and a win could have got them all tied up with the Jazz for the eighth spot in the West . However , the Jazz managed to muster up some offense and retain their superior position in the standings . Trey Burke picked up the slack in a huge way for the Jazz , who were missing Derrick Favors ( back spasms ) , Rudy Gobert ( MCL strain ) and Alec Burks ( fractured fibula ) . Burke dropped a hot 27 points on 12 - 19 shooting from the field , in 29 minutes off the bench . Gordon Hayward chipped in 23 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with 10 rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 33 minutes . Rodney Hood contributed a complete game with 18 points , seven rebounds and six assists , in 29 minutes . The Jazz shot 50 percent from the field and kept the turnovers to a minimum , with only six . Damian Lillard sat this one out , making it six games that he has missed due to plantar fasciitis . C.J. McCollum has been playing well and was at it again in this one , as he finished with a game - high 32 points ( 13 - 26 FG , 6 - 11 3Pt ) , along with seven rebounds and six assists , in 40 long minutes . Meyers Leonard was strong in 33 minutes off the bench . Leonard finished with 17 points , three rebounds and two assists . The only other player to score double digits for the Blazers was Allen Crabbe , who dropped 15 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , three rebounds and two assists . Next the Trail_Blazers will head to Denver for a game on Sunday . That will be another important division match - up for Portland , as the Nuggets are just one game behind them in the standings . The Jazz will host the Grizzlies on Saturday .
The Utah Jazz ( 15 - 17 ) held off the Memphis Grizzlies ( 18 - 17 ) 92 - 87 in an overtime grinder Saturday night . The strength of these two teams is defense and that was evident on Saturday . It 's not just good defense though , as both teams have some of the worst offenses in the NBA . There were still only 156 combined shots in an overtime game , which is indicative of the slow - paced nature of this matchup . The major difference in the game was the free - throw shooting , as the Grizzlies hit just 54 percent of their free - throws on 26 attempts , while the Jazz made 75 percent on 28 attempts . Memphis has had a rough season on the offensive end and this was as much of a struggle as any game thus far . The bench really let the team down , as Zach Randolph 's eight points were the only points from the bench players . Marc Gasol missed some crucial open shots that could have won the game , but he was still Memphis ' best player on the night . Gasol tallied 20 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the loss . These offensive struggles are simply too hard to overcome right now and it seems evident that something needs to change if this team will compete this season . In any case , they 'll look to find some offense against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday in their next game . The Jazz have had an equally bad season on the offensive end , but they got a career game from an unlikely source . Rodney Hood scored a career - high 32 points in the win and snatched down eight rebounds . They 'll need him to continue playing like this with how thin they are at the shooting guard position right now . Gordon Hayward also has a good game , as he tallied 14 points , five rebounds and four assists in a good all - around effort . With all the injuries Utah has right now , they have to be somewhat satisfied still hanging around the .500 mark with players due back sooner rather than later . They 'll look to build off this win against the Houston Rockets on Monday .
The Houston Rockets ( 17 - 19 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 15 - 18 ) 93 - 91 on Monday . The Rockets looked like two entirely different teams during the first and second halves while visiting Utah . Down 58 - 48 at halftime and surrendering 37 second quarter points , the defensive breakdowns and sloppy fouls began to bury the Rockets early on . James Harden provided a major spark to the offense during the second half , combined with Montrezl Harrell 's boost on defense , and the result was a Rockets win . Harden finished with 30 points , five rebounds and seven assists on 9 - of - 25 shooting . Dwight Howard added 16 points and 13 rebounds , while Harrell 's defensive prowess was only highlighted statistically by his plus/minus of nine . The Rockets were dealing with an onslaught of injuries heading into the game . Ty Lawson ( ankle ) , Donatas Motiejunas ( back ) and Marcus Thornton ( personal reasons ) were unavailable for Houston in the win . The Jazz were unable to execute their second half game plan down the stretch , and once James Harden got going , there was not much any defense can do to stop the current second best scorer in the league . Injuries also riddled Utah heading into Monday , as Derrick Favors ( back ) was sidelined . The bright side to Favors ' injury is the playing time that Trey Lyles has been seeing in his absence . The Kentucky product and No . 12 pick in the draft , Lyles finished with 13 points in 20 minutes on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Utah continued to find Rodney Hood around the perimeter and the starting guard turned in 23 points on 5 - of - 6 3 - point shooting . Gordon Hayward continues to regress in 2015 - 2016 , as the max contract forward added 20 points on 39 percent shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and three assists . The Jazz and Rockets will meet again on Thursday in Houston .
The Utah Jazz ( 18 - 22 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 33 ) 109 - 82 on Saturday . The Lakers injury problems suffered a few more setbacks before the game wrapped up , as Kobe Bryant ( achilles ) left midway through the game to nurse his nagging achilles and rookie Larry Nance Jr. left with knee soreness after just three minutes of playing time . The beat up Lakers squad is far from an excuse for their play halfway through the season and the offensive miscues only add to their troubled year . Developing the young talent combination of Jordan Clarkson , Julius Randle and D’Angelo Russell does not seem to be the number one priority with the Kobe Bryant retirement tour in full swing , and the wasted experience will take its toll . Los_Angeles turned to Lou Williams to score in volume , but managed 20 points on 15 shots and fell short of what was needed for his team to keep the game within reach at any point . Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell joined Williams in scoring double figures . The Lakers will look to get their 10th when they host the Houston Rockets ( 21 - 20 ) on Sunday . Utah has been experiencing a fair share of injury troubles as well , with both Trevor Booker ( concussion ) and Derrick Favors ( back ) , sidelined on Saturday . Favors missed his 13th consecutive game , and it is still unclear if their is another issue or if the Jazz are taking his return slowly . Rudy Gobert led the way with a monstrous performance , scoring 18 points , grabbing 18 rebounds and blocking five shots in 30 minutes . Gordon Hayward contributed 14 points , five rebounds and five assists , while four additional Jazz players finished in double figures ( Trey Lyles , Rodney Hood , Trey Burke and Joe Ingles ) in a strong team effort . Utah shot 49 percent from the floor and kept the game out of reach from the Lakers from the 2nd quarter on . Utah continues to battle for the 8 - seed in the Western Conference , and will look to pick up another win when they visit the Charlotte Hornets ( 18 - 22 ) on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 24 - 21 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 19 - 25 ) 95 - 92 on Monday night . In a battle between two stingy defenses , the identities of the teams really stood out . Both teams wanted to muck this game down and play halfcourt , which is just what they did . The Pistons took a 12 - point lead into the half and never relinquished it after that . Detroit held Utah to 40 percent shooting , while shooting 45 percent on their end of the floor . Th three - point shooting was key as well , as the Pistons went 11 - for - 22 , while the Jazz went just 9 - for - 29 . Detroit played far from efficient here , but they managed to pull out a huge win on the road . Reggie Jackson was the hero tonight , as he tallied 29 points and four assists in the win . That looks even bigger considering Andre Drummond and Marcus Morris combined for just nine points and 10 rebounds in the victory . The form of Drummond has to be worrisome , as that is now two dud performances in a row for the potential All-Star . He went just 1 - for - 10 from the free - throw line here and it 's starting to effect the rest of his game right now . The only other player who played well for the Pistons here aside from Jackson was Ersan Ilyasova , who amassed 16 points and eight rebounds . The Pistons have a good chance at another win in their next game , when they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday . The Jazz have been a bit of a disappointment this season , but this loss does have big implications for the future . Derrick Favors made his return here after a 13 - game absence and he 's a beautiful sight for Utah fans . He came off the bench here and scored 14 points in 20 minutes , but he should be at full force in weeks to come . It was just four players tonight that showed up for Utah , as Favors , Gordon Hayward , Rudy Gobert and Rodney Hood combined for nearly all of the offense . In fact , they scored all but 16 points in this game between the four of them and that 's hard to overcome in an NBA game . Gobert was especially good tonight , as he tallied 17 points and 17 rebounds in one of his best games of the season . Hayward had a nice all - around game as well , as he accumulated 22 points , five rebounds and five assists in the defeat . He did however miss a game - tying three at the buzzer that would have sent the game into overtime . Utah will look to play better in their next game on Wednesday against the struggling Charlotte Hornets .
The Utah Jazz ( 20 - 25 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 22 - 24 ) 102 - 73 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Wednesday . The Hornets fell behind early in the contest and were not able to cut into the lead after the Jazz went up by 12 point before the half . Charlotte was banged up heading into the matchup , but the return of Nicolas Batum ( toe ) , who missed three consecutive games , was a bright spot . Jeremy Lin ( ankle ) exited the game after logging 17 minutes with a right ankle sprain , but the severity of the injury is unknown until further evaluation . Lin scored four points and grabbed two rebounds before exiting . Batum was strong on the defensive glass , as shown by his 10 rebounds , to go along with six points in just under 30 minutes in his return to the starting lineup . Kemba Walker shot efficiently from the floor , but the volume of shots was not available to keep the Hornets in contention , as he finished with 15 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting , in addition to five rebounds and one assist . The Hornets will visit the Portland Trail Blazers ( 21 - 26 ) on Friday . Utah overpowered their opponent in the second quarter and did not look after building a 12 point lead into a 20 - plus lead by the end of the third quarter . The team stats went in favor of the Jazz , specifically the rebounding battle , which they won 45 - 35 , and scoring points off turnovers , which Charlotte coughed up 20 , as compared to Utah’s 10 total . Rodney Hood and Gordon Hayward poured in 24 and 22 points , respectively , and combined for 11 rebounds and nine assists . Derrick Favors came off the bench in his second game back from injury and logged an equal 20 minutes to his performance on Monday . The Jazz were in need of Favors to return to health , which helps stretch the depth of their squad . Favors finished with 12 points , three rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Rudy Gobert was too much for Charlotte to handle on the defensive end of the floor , where he totalled 12 rebounds and three blocks in the contest . The Jazz will host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 33 ) on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 21 - 25 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 34 ) 103 - 90 on Friday . Despite the Jazz 's well - earned reputation for boasting of the league 's most formidable frontcourts , one of the intriguing stories coming out of Friday 's contest was the Timberwolves ' significant success with their own pair of big men down low . Minnesota 's tandem of Karl-Anthony Towns and Gorgui Dieng outperformed Utah 's Rudy Gobert and Derrick Favors , with both of the visitors tallying double - doubles . It was Favors ' first start after having missed 16 games with a back injury , given that he 'd come off the bench in the first pair of contests since his return . On the Timberwolves ' side , Dieng got the starting nod in place of Kevin Garnett , who missed his third consecutive game with knee soreness . Minnesota was spearheaded by Towns , who posted a career - high 32 points , 12 boards , an assist , a steal and a block . Dieng tallied 20 points and 15 rebounds of his own , along with a pair of assists and a pair of steals . No other starter managed to get into double digits , but Zach LaVine did contribute 19 points to pace the Minnesota reserves . He supplemented his scoring with three assists and a rebound . Shabazz Muhammad was productive off the bench as well , amassing 11 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They now head to Portland to face the Trail Blazers on Sunday . Utah was led by Rodney Hood 's 22 point - effort , which he complemented with four assists , a rebound and a steal . Favors poured in 20 points of his own , while also hauling in nine rebounds , dishing out an assist and recording a block . Gobert was next with a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , which also included a pair of assists , a pair of steals and a pair of blocks . With Favors back in the starting five and Hood having another strong shooting night , Gordon Hayward had a relatively quiet game by his lofty standards , totaling 12 points , five rebounds and two assists . The bench was led by Trey Burke 's 12 points , which were complemented by a rebound , an assist and two steals . Trevor Booker also contributed a near double - double in a reserve role , pouring in 11 points and hauling down eight boards . He dished out a pair of assists and had a pair of steals and blocks as well . The win momentarily vaulted the Jazz into second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , with a possible fall to third place hinging on the outcome of the Trail Blazers ' contest with the Hornets that concludes later on Friday evening . Utah remains home to face the Bulls on Monday night .
The Utah Jazz ( 23 - 25 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 21 ) 105 - 96 in overtime at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The neck - and - neck matchup needed overtime to decide a victor and the thrilling game never saw either team really pull ahead until the overtime period . With just over two minutes remaining in regulation , Jimmy Butler drained a 25 footer and E'Twaun Moore followed up with pull up jumper to give the Bulls a four point lead . The Jazz were able to answer from the charity stripe to lock the game down at 90 points each , but on the following possession , Jimmy Butler brought up the ball , drived hard to the rim and kicked it out to a wide open Derrick Rose behind the arc . Rose nailed the three - point shot to give Chicago the edge with 18 left , but Gordon Hayward found his way back to the free throw line , and although he missed the second free throw , Taj Gibson did not box out appropriately , allowing the Jazz one more possession . Hayward got the layup to fall , which sent the game to overtime , where his unit was able to take care of business on the home court and win a tough game against one of the Eastern Conference’s best teams . The Bulls were led by Derrick Rose , Jimmy Butler and Pau Gasol , who all contributed strong performances reflected by the box score . Rose scored 14 points , including the go - ahead three - pointer , to go along with four assists and three rebounds , while Jimmy Butler added 26 points , six assists and seven rebounds . Gasol worked his way to the basket off some signature spin and post moves and totaled 19 points and eight rebounds before fouling out of the game . The Jazz turned to Gordon Hayward , who proved his worth to roster after leading the game with 27 points , alongside 12 rebounds and seven assists . Rudy Gobert pitched in a double - double with 16 points and 12 rebounds , while Rodney Hood collected 19 points , five rebounds and three assists before he joined Gasol in fouling out . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Jazz will host the Denver Nuggets ( 18 - 30 ) , while the Bulls will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 27 ) .
The Utah Jazz ( 27 - 27 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 32 - 24 ) 111 - 93 , Friday night at Vivint Smart Home Arena . Despite the Celtics averaging almost 110 points in their last 19 games , the Jazz held the high - octane Boston offense to only 93 points . Utah 's recent resurgence has been in large part thanks to their defense and that is exactly what got them the win in this one . The Jazz have now won eight of their last 10 games and sit just outside of the top - eight in the West . This game featured eight lead changes in the first quarter , before Utah took the lead for good . The Jazz won every quarter , as they quieted every Boston counter . All five starters scored in double digits for the Jazz . Derrick Favors led the way in scoring for the Jazz and tallied a double - double , with 23 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and 10 rebounds , along with six assists and three blocked shots . Gordon Hayward struggled shooting but still tallied 22 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 9 - 15 FG ) , along with four assists and three rebounds . Rudy Gobert double - doubled with 11 points and a monstrous 15 rebounds , and also tallied four blocks , in 33 minutes . As a team the Jazz shot 54 percent from the field , 43 percent from deep and were plus - 17 on the glass . All-star Isaiah Thomas led the Celtics in scoring as he tallied a game - high 25 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with six assists and two rebounds . Jae Crowder chipped in 17 points , while Avery Bradley chipped in 12 . The only other player to reach double digits in the scoring column for Boston was Evan Turner with 10 . The Celtics were missing Kelly Olynyk 's contribution off the bench as he sat out with a strained shoulder . They also fouled a lot , leading to 44 free throw attempts for Utah . With this loss Boston 's position at third in the East becomes vulnerable , as they came in only 2 games ahead of fourth and fifth . The Celtics will now head to Denver to face the Nuggets on Sunday . The Jazz will be in Portland on Sunday to face off against the Trail Blazers .
The Utah Jazz ( 28 - 28 ) caught the Houston Rockets ( 28 - 29 ) in the standings on Tuesday with a narrow overtime win , 117 - 114 . Utah centerpiece Gordon Hayward was the team 's leading scorer per usual , dropping in 28 points on impressive 6 - for - 7 shooting and 13 - for - 15 from the line . Hayward rounded out his statline with seven rebounds and five assists . It was sophomore teammate Rodney Hood , however , who ultimately propelled the Jazz to victory . Hood went 6 - for - 10 for 18 points while also grabbing five steals on the defensive end . The Jazz were able to overcome poor ball management , leading to 21 team turnovers , by shooting the lights out . Utah shot 51 percent from the floor and 42 percent from three . With the win , the Jazz are back in the Western Conference playoff picture despite losing three of their last four headed into Tuesday 's matchup . James Harden posted a valiant resistance to the Jazz 's shooting onslaught , going 16 - for - 30 for 42 points . He currently sits at second in the league in scoring behind reigning MVP Steph Curry , and Tuesday 's performance served to close the narrowing gap between the two . Harden could only do so much , however , as the team shot a collective 41 percent . Bench veteran Jason Terry was among the biggest offenders , shooting just 2 - for - 9 on the night . Despite forcing the issue on defense to force 21 turnovers , Houston 's offensive effort simply could not push them over the top . The Jazz face a tough matchup against a historically good Spurs team on Wednesday . Houston , meanwhile , will travel to face the red - hot Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 42 ) upset the Utah Jazz ( 28 - 30 ) 98 - 96 on Saturday . Utah came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Nets team . The key for Brooklyn was their shooting , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range against a dominant Jazz defense . The ball movement was huge as well , with Brooklyn dishing out 23 assists to the Jazz ' 14 . Brooklyn has now won two - straight games without Joe Johnson , with both of them coming on the road . Thaddeus Young led the team with 21 points and also provided eight rebounds and three steals in the upset . Wayne Ellington played well too , as he tallied 16 points , six rebounds and two steals in the win . All the bench players had solid games , with all five of them scoring at least four points and combining for 20 rebounds and 13 assists . The Nets will look to keep up this good form against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday . This is a downright bad loss for the Jazz and they continue to fall deeper and deeper out of the playoffs . Gordon Hayward led the team with 27 points , while also dishing out six assists . Rudy Gobert was dominant down low , as he accumulated 12 points , 19 rebounds and six blocks in the defeat . In contrast to the Nets bench , the Jazz had six players combine for just 10 rebounds and two assists . Utah will look to bounce back in their next game against the Boston Celtics on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 35 - 28 ) stifled the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 34 ) en route to a 91 - 84 win on Tuesday . In a battle between two elite defenses , offense became an epic struggle . The Jazz were especially bad , as they shot 35 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . The second and third quarters is where the Hawks won the game , as they outscored the Jazz 50 - 30 in that 24 - minute stretch . Atlanta has been playing the best defense in the NBA over recent weeks and continued that form here . Jeff Teague scored a game - high 24 points and also dished out six assists in the victory . Paul Millsap was the only other player who scored more than 11 for Atlanta , as he tallied 18 points , nine rebounds and three steals in the win . On deck for the Hawks is a matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Thursday . The Jazz have been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost nine of their last 12 . Gordon Hayward led the team with 22 points , despite going just 6 - for - 18 from the field . Shelvin Mack had a nightmare revenge game , as he went just 2 - for - 13 in the loss against the team that traded him earlier in the season . Rudy Gobert was the only Jazz player to shoot over 50 percent , as he totaled six points and 15 rebounds in the defeat . Those three players also combined for 13 turnovers in an ugly performance . It doesn’t get any easier for the Jazz , as they travel to Oakland to play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday in their next game .
The Utah Jazz ( 30 - 35 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 34 ) 114 - 93 on Friday . The game was the tale of two starting units , with Utah 's first group generating a balanced and productive effort , while Washington 's offense was decidedly top - heavy . Only stalwart John Wall and Markieff Morris were able to post double - digit point totals for the Wizards , who were missing Bradley Beal ( pelvis ) for the second straight game . Meanwhile , Utah was able to tally outstanding 57 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , while also outrebounding the visitors 42 - 29 . They also received double - digit scoring efforts from four members of their starting five . Wall 's 24 points paced Washington , and he also dished out nine assists , four rebounds and a steal . Morris supplied 16 points , and added four boards , two assists and a steal . Marcin Gortat endured a tough night versus the defense of Rudy Gobert , totaling a modest eight points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Nene Hilario paced the reserves with 12 points , three rebounds , an assist and two steals . The Wizards remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and 3 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Denver to take on the Nuggets on Sunday night . Utah was spearheaded by Shelvin Mack , who amassed a career - high 27 points , and complemented it with four assists and three rebounds . Gordon Hayward was next , posting 18 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . Derrick Favors managed a near double - double , collecting 14 points , nine boards , an assist and two steals . Rodney Hood matched Favors ' point total , and added a rebound , an assist and four steals . Raul Neto paced the reserves with 12 points , two rebounds and two assists , although he did turn the ball over five times over just 14 minutes on the floor . The Jazz remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are three games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Sacramento to take on the Kings on Sunday night .
The Utah Jazz ( 32 - 35 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 47 - 19 ) 94 - 85 at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . Channing Frye and Trey Lyles were both ejected with four minutes remaining in the fourth quarter after Lyles appeared to elbow Frye below the belt . The frustration was beginning to overcome Cleveland , although the timing could not have been worse seeing as they just ripped off seven straight points to bring the Jazz lead within striking distance . Kyrie Irving shot his team out of many opportunities , but the poor shot selection was not entirely on the point guard , as the Cavs shot just under 40 percent as a unit . Irving finished with 15 points on 7 - of - 23 shooting , to go along with four rebounds and three assists . LeBron James rounded out the box score , and did provide a dunk of the year candidate after finishing a lob pass from J.R. Smith . James finished with 23 points , 12 rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 20 shooting . The Jazz were unable to stop the Cavs from getting decent looks at the basket , but just the right amount of defense was in play to give them the edge late in the game . The Utah backcourt was out to impress against the Eastern Conference’s best team , as Rodney Hood and Shelvin Mack both provided some of their best games of the season . Mack almost completed a triple - double after scoring 17 points , to go along with seven rebounds and 10 assists on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Rodney Hood matched Mack’s efficient game with a game high 28 points including four buckets from behind the arc . Before his ejection , Trey Lyles added double figures off the bench . The win came without the Jazz’s best player in Gordon Hayward ( foot ) , who is likely to miss out on a few more games with the nagging injury . The Cavs will host the Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 33 ) on Wednesday , while the Jazz welcome the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 49 ) on Thursday .
The Utah Jazz ( 33 - 35 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 18 - 50 ) 103 - 69 on Thursday . A thoroughly dominating performance by Utah was perhaps to be expected , considering that the Jazz came into the contest surrendering the second - lowest amount of points per game ( 97 ) , while the Suns checked in with the second - highest turnover rate ( 16 ) on a nightly basis . Both figures proved to be prophetic Thursday , as the Jazz held Phoenix to a season - low scoring total , and also set a season - best total in points surrendered . The Jazz elicted 21 turnovers from the Suns as well , and held them to 34 percent and 25 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Utah 's domination was even more evident in the second half , when they held the helpless visitors to 31 total points . The Suns were led by Brandon Knight 's 17 points , which he suppplemented with eight rebounds , two assists and a block . Alex Len was the only other starter to manage double - digit points , amassing 10 points , 12 rebounds and two assists . Jon Leuer paced the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds and two steals , as the third and final Phoenix player to score in double digits . The Suns remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Los Angeles to face the Lakers on Friday . With such a comfortable second - half lead , it was a reserve , Trey Lyles , who paced the Jazz in scoring with 17 points over 19 minutes . He added two rebounds , one assist and two steals . Shelvin Mack and Joe Ingles co - led the starters with a pair of 15 - point efforts . Mack also supplied 10 assists and eight rebounds , while Ingles , getting the start in Gordon Hayward 's ( foot ) stead , registered four rebounds , two assists and a career - high six steals . Derrick Favors was next with 12 points , five rebounds and two steals . The Jazz remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are just a game behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Chicago to face the Bulls on Saturday night .
The Utah Jazz ( 37 - 37 ) defeated the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 59 ) 123 - 75 , Monday evening at Vivint Smart Home Arena . Rodney Hood sparked the Jazz with an amazing 30 - point first half , including a franchise - high eight three - pointers , leading to another much - needed victory as Utah looks to secure its spot in the top eight . The Jazz have now won two in a row and increase their advantage over the Houston Rockets for seventh place in the West . The Jazz out - scored the Lakers in every quarter by at least eight points , as they cruised to the 48 - point , home victory . The Jazz shot 52 percent from the field and 53 percent from long range , including a franchise - best 17 - made three - pointers in a game ; while their defense held the Lakers to only 31 percent from the field . Rodney Hood led the Jazz with a game - high 30 points , shooting 11 - 13 from the field and 8 - 9 from long range . Rudy Gobert hauled in 19 rebounds , to go along with eight points , four assists , and two blocked shots , while Shelvin Mack and Trevor Booker both chipped in 17 points . Lou Williams was the only player to score in double digits while shooting better than 30 percent from the field for Los_Angeles , as he finished with 16 points on 4 - 6 shooting . The only other Lakers player to score in double figures was Jordan Clarkson , who finished with 12 points , on 5 - 18 shooting . The Lakers squad really struggled in this one , as Williams and Clarkson were the only two players to score more than three baskets . The Lakers will now return to Los_Angeles to host the Heat on Wednesday . The Jazz host the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday , in what could be a first - round preview .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 68 - 7 ) defeated the host Utah Jazz ( 37 - 38 ) in overtime,103 - 96 , Wednesday at Vivint Smart Home Arena . The Jazz put up a very strong fight but fell short as they were out - played in the overtime period , by a record - chasing Warriors squad . Utah led by eight points with seven minutes left in regulation but the Warriors turned it up late , in order to earn an important victory in their quest for NBA history . Klay Thompson managed to sink a desperation three - pointer with only 15 seconds left , to tie the game and ultimately send it to overtime , where the Warriors dominated . Meanwhile , this comes as a devastating loss for the Jazz , who came into this game only half a game ahead of eighth and ninth place in the Western Conference standings , as they are now at risk of falling outside the top - eight . Stephen Curry was business as usual as he dropped 31 points ( 11 - 23 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 42 minutes . Klay Thompson chipped in 18 points , while Harrison Barnes added 15 points and 11 rebounds . Draymond Green impacted all facets of the game , with 13 points , eight rebounds , six assists and three blocked shots , in 43 minutes . The Warriors gave up an ugly 18 turnovers but managed to overcome that by rebounding well and holding the Jazz to only 40 percent shooting from the field . All five starters scored in double figures for Utah . Gordon Hayward led the way with 21 points , although he struggled shooting , going 7 - 20 from the field . Rudy Gobert chipped in 11 points along with a monstrous 18 rebounds , while Rodney Hood contributed 20 points and six rebounds . Shelvin Mack was solid at the point , with 12 points , nine assists , six rebounds and two steals , in 41 minutes . The Jazz struggled from deep , as they shot 9 - 32 from long range , and also struggled from the free throw line , where they went 13 - 29 . The Jazz will look to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they host the Timberwolves on Friday . The Warriors will continue to pursue history , as they host the Celtics on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 38 - 38 ) defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 51 ) 98 - 85 on Friday at Vivint Smart Home Arena . The Jazz remain tangled with the Dallas Mavericks and Houston Rockets in a three - way battle for the last two playoff spots in the West . The Jazz hold the eighth and final playoff spot , now one game ahead of the ninth - place Rockets . The Jazz led by two after a tight first half but then dominated the second half by out - scoring the Timberwolves 47 - 36 en route to their 24th win at home . Gordon Hayward led the way with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 36 minutes . Rudy Gobert put in work as he gobbled up 14 rebounds to go a long with 10 points , in 36 minutes . Rookie Trey Lyles was huge in the absence of Derrick Favors , who was out with a sore knee . Lyles finished with 18 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds , one steal , one assist and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes . The Jazz shot 53 percent from the field and 36 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Andrew Wiggins was the high - point man for the Timberwolves , who have now lost two in a row , as he finished with 24 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , along with two rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 37 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns tallied a double - double with 17 points and 11 rebounds , along with three assists and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes , while Nemanja Bjelica added 15 points , eight rebounds and two assists , in 35 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score in double figures for Minnesota was Shabazz Muhammad , who chipped in 10 . Next , the Timberwolves will look to influence the race - for - eighth as they host the Mavericks on Sunday . The Jazz will visit Phoenix to challenge the Suns on Sunday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 12 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 39 - 39 ) 88 - 86 on Tuesday . In a game between the two - best defenses in the league , they both showed what makes them so stingy . The teams played at a snail - like pace , as there were only 140 shots taken . The key for the Spurs was their ability to force turnovers , as they forced 16 turnovers while committing just eight turnovers of their own . The game was decided in the final seconds , as Kawhi Leonard hit a game - winning jumper with five seconds left . The Spurs didn’t play their prettiest game , but they escaped with a win . Kawhi Leonard not only hit the game - winner , but led the team with 18 points . LaMarcus Aldridge continues his good form , as he tallied 14 points , seven rebounds and four steals . The bench was solid as well , with Patty Mills , David West , Manu Ginobili and Kyle Anderson combining for 40 point , 10 assists and nine rebounds . Up next for San_Antonio is a matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . This loss put the Jazz within a game of missing out on the playoffs , but they still sit a half game up in the eight - seed . Rodney Hood was the only player who could find some rhythm , as he scored a game - high 23 points . Joe Ingles had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 13 . Utah 's next game isn’t until Friday , when they play the Los Angeles Clippers in what 's a crucial game for the Jazz .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 10 ) held off the Sacramento Kings ( 0 - 1 ) Wednesday 111 - 104 in what was the season opener for both squads . Despite falling behind early , the Kings slowly battled to get back in the game and managed to tie the contest at 100 with just under three minutes remaining . However , an 11 - 4 run by the Clippers over the final stretch ultimately put the game out of Sacramento’s reach . It was a battle between bigs , as Blake Griffin and DeMarcus Cousins duked it out down low all night . Griffin finished with a game - high 33 points on 14 - of - 20 shooting form the field to go along with eight rebounds and four assists in 38 minutes . While Cousin’s effort was ultimately not enough , the big man still finished with a team - high 32 points and 13 rebounds in 35 minutes . Cousins showed signs of taking his game to the next level , as he stretch the floor and shot an impressive 4 - of - 5 from behind the arc . Beyond those two , Chris Paul served as an elite floor leader and recorded a double - double of 18 points and 11 assists on top of five rebounds in 37 minutes . DeAndre Jordan consistently attacked the boards , recording 12 rebounds in 27 minutes , while Paul Pierce recorded 12 points and seven rebounds off the bench in his regular season debut with Los_Angeles . Up next , the Kings will remain home and take on the Lakers Saturday , while the Clippers will travel home Friday to up against the Mavericks .
The Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 1 ) blew out the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 0 - 2 ) 132 - 114 in Sacramento on Friday night . The Sacramento Kings absolutely manhandled the Los_Angeles Lakers in this game , as they were up 74 - 50 at halftime . The Kings were led by a 21 point - 11 rebound double - double from DeMarcus Cousins and a 21 point - eight assist outing from newcomer Rajon Rondo . They both got in those impressive lines in under 30 minutes and if the game weren’t so out of hand , they would have posted some huge numbers . The biggest discrepancy in the game was the rebounding differential , as the Kings outrebounded the Lakers 56 - 37 . Only one Lakers starter played more than 22 minutes in this game and that can be attributed to the crooked scoreline . The Lakers were led by Jordan Clarkson , who scored 22 points in his 28 minutes of play . After having a heartbreaking loss in the opener where the Lakers blew a double - digit lead in the fourth quarter , this was a major letdown for a young team that is struggling defensively . The Lakers have now allowed at least 28 points in six of eight quarters this season and the defense could be a major issue all year . The one silver lining is that the Lakers starters will be well rested for their next game on Sunday against the Dallas Mavericks at home . The Kings got some great starts from former All-Stars DeMarcus Cousins , Rajon Rondo and Rudy Gay in this game and also got nice contributions from rookie Willie Cauley-Stein and veteran Omri Casspi . Coach George Karl decided to implement Cauley-Stein into the lineup for this game after not starting him in the opener and he performed admirably , tallying 17 points , nine rebounds , and three blocks across 30 minutes of play . This will be a fluent situation , but the rookie has definitely earned more playing time with a performance like this . It 's a good thing the Kings starters got some rest here , as they play the second half of a back - to - back set against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Saturday in LA .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 3 ) 103 - 89 on Tuesday . The Grizzlies bounced back nicely after a 50 - point loss Monday by handling the Kings rather easily . What really changed the game was the defense for Memphis in the second quarter , as they allowed just 11 points and scored 26 points of their own . The loss of big man DeMarcus Cousins clearly hampered the Kings down low , as they were outrebounded 50 - 35 while recording just one block . Grizzlies center Marc Gasol did n't return after halftime due to neck spasms , and his status is uncertain for the Grizzlies ' next game on Thursday against Portland . Memphis showed Tuesday what makes them one of the top teams in the Western Conference , by rebounding from the blowout loss to the Warriors and responding with a resounding victory of their own on the road . Power forward Zach Randolph had his best game of the young season , as he tallied 20 points and 11 rebounds in the absence of Gasol . The Grizzlies also got a nice performance from JaMychal Green off the bench , as he recorded 12 points and 12 boards in the victory . The Kings really shot themselves in the foot in this matchup by shooting under 40 percent from the field and missing an unforgivable 15 free throws . The team was led by Rudy Gay , who accumulated 19 points , five rebounds and three assists across 32 minutes . Second-year player Ben McLemore continues to struggle for the Kings , as his two - point outing here brought his season averages to 4 points , 2 rebounds , and 1 assists in nearly 19 minutes per game . Those are dreadful numbers , and if he continues to play like this , coach George Karl may opt to go to a two - point guard lineup that would see Darren Collison inserted into the starting five . The Kings will be without Cousins yet again on Wednesday when they take on the Phoenix Suns on the road .
The Houston Rockets ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 5 ) by a score of 116 - 110 on Friday . In the continued absence of DeMarcus Cousins ( Achilles ) , Sacramento opted to go with a smaller lineup versus the Rockets on Friday . Kings offseason acquisition Marco Belinelli was in the starting five at small forward as part of the personnel shift , but couldn’t come close to duplicating the success he’d enjoyed off the bench in the first five games . The veteran guard had already tallied three double - digit scoring nights this season in a reserve role , but only mustered five points and a paltry 20 percent success rate from the field versus the Rockets . Houston rode the hot hand of James Harden , who posted his third consecutive strong offensive showing after a slow start from the field this season . The All-Star guard was in the zone Friday , posting season bests in points , assists , and shooting percentage . Harden has shot 44 percent ( 31 - for - 71 ) during his three - game hot streak , posting 37 , 28 , and 43 points , respectively during those contests . Houston also enjoyed productive outings from their other four starters , which included Clint Capela posting a double - double while subbing in for the resting Dwight Howard . Marcus Thornton also pitched in with a strong 16 - point effort in the absence of Terrance Jones ( face ) . The Rockets evened their record at 3 - 3 and vault into a second - place tie with the Memphis Grizzlies in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . Houston next heads to Los Angeles for a Saturday showdown with the Clippers . Facing a 61 - 50 deficit at the half , the Kings were able to rally and make the game interesting in the third and fourth quarters largely on the back of their bench . Omri Casspi and Darren Collison contributed a pair of 22 - point efforts , which were essential on a night where Rudy Gay could not find the basket for the better part of three quarters . Meanwhile , Belinelli , James Anderson , and Kosta Koufos flopped in starting roles . First-round pick Willie Cauley-Stein , relegated to the bench as part of the Kings’ lineup makeover prior to the game , mustered seven points and nine rebounds over 22 minutes . The Kings dropped to 1 - 5 on the season and remain in last place in the Western Conference’s Pacific Division . They 'll remain at home for a Saturday tilt with the reigning NBA champion Golden State Warriors .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 70 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 6 ) 103 - 94 on Saturday . This game was much closer than most people would have anticipated , as the Warriors had their worst shooting night of the season . The still ended up prevailing with the victory despite shooting 8 - for - 39 from three - point range . The most notable stat line was a triple - double from Rajon Rondo , as he accumulated 14 points , 12 rebounds , 15 assists and four steals in the loss . Both teams were playing the second half of a back - to - back and that really showed , as both the Kings and Warriors barely shot above 40 percent and committed 39 combined turnovers in what 's usually a high - scoring matchup . The Warriors continued their raving success , despite MVP Steph Curry shooting 2 - for - 10 from long distance . He still managed to put up 24 points , six rebounds and three assists in the win despite the off shooting night . The key tonight for the Warriors was the defense , as they accumulated 13 steals and held the Kings to 44 percent shooting . Draymond Green also flirted with a triple - double , as he amassed 10 points , nine rebounds and seven assists in the victory . This team looks nearly unstoppable at this point and they 'll look to stay undefeated in their next game against the Detroit Pistons on Monday . The Kings now fall to 0 - 5 without DeMarcus Cousins with this close loss to the NBA champs , but this may have been their best performance of the season . They appeared to have one of the worst defenses in the NBA coming into this matchup , but holding the Warriors to 103 points on 41 percent shooting is a win in its own right . Along with Rondo 's triple - double , the Kings got matching 22 - point performances from Rudy Gay and Marco Belinelli . Even though it 's a loss , this game can be something to build off of for this underperforming Kings squad . Sacramento 's next game will be on Monday against the Spurs and they 'll hope DeMarcus Cousins returns from his Achilles injury for that matchup .
The Sacramento Kings ( 2 - 7 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 5 - 3 ) Wednesday 101 - 92 at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento . Sacramento had a firm hold on the game through the first three quarters , but a late fourth - quarter push by Detroit brought them within five . However , that is as close as they would get , as the Kings countered with a 70 run of their own and ultimately put the game out of reach . DeMarcus Cousins dominated in the first half for the Kings , scoring 23 points , and the big man from Kentucky ended up with a game - high 33 points and nine rebounds in 38 minutes . He continues to show his improved ability to stretch the floor , as Cousins shot 3 - for - 5 from behind the arc . Rajon Rondo stuffed the stat sheet , recording his second triple - double of the season of 14 points , 11 rebounds and 15 assists in 47 minutes . Rudy Gay shot efficiently , going 10 - of - 14 from the field and finishing with 25 points in 37 minutes . For the Pistons , Andre Drummond recorded his eighth straight double - double to start the season , finishing with 14 points and 16 rebounds in 35 minutes . Three other Detroit starters in Marcus Morris ( 16 ) , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ( 15 ) and Reggie Jackson ( 16 ) managed to score in double figures , but the team’s bench only recorded 23 total points . Up next , the Kings will stay home Friday to take on the Nets , while the Pistons will head to Los Angeles Saturday to go up against the Clippers .
The Sacramento Kings ( 3 - 7 ) nipped the Brooklyn Nets ( 1 - 8 ) 111 - 109 on Friday . Sacramento 's Rajon Rondo has played an astounding 184 minutes over the last four games , and has posted an equally impressive three triple - doubles over that span . Rondo poured in 23 points while handing out 14 assists and hauling in 10 boards Friday , further redeeming the Kings ' decision to take a free - agent flyer on him after his infamous postseason deactivation by the Mavericks just a few months prior . His standout performance helped Sacramento overcome deficits of 30 - 23 after the first quarter , and 60 - 54 at halftime . The Nets enjoyed a balanced scoring effort from the majority of their starters , in addition to a 15 - point night off the bench from Bojan Bogdanovic . Jarrett Jack led Brooklyn with a double - double that included a season - high 21 points and 12 rebounds . Brook Lopez , battling a sore foot , pitched in with his own 17 - point , 10 - rebound performance , while veterans Thad Young and Joe Johnson poured in 16 and 14 points , respectively . Although they were solid on the boards overall , the Nets were still outrebounded by the Kings , 50 - 44 . The Nets drop to 1 - 8 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Oakland for a tough Saturday night showdown with the undefeated Golden State Warriors . DeMarcus Cousins tallied a monster double - double , collecting an eye - popping and season - high 40 points and 13 rebounds in just 35 minutes . The gargantuan joint efforts of Rondo and Cousins were particularly valuable on a night where starting small forward Rudy Gay was sidelined with an illness . Ben McLemore ( 13 points ) and Marco Bellinelli ( 14 points ) were the only other Kings players in double - digits , with both players doing so coming off the bench . The Kings improve to 3 - 7 and are in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . Sacramento remains home for a Sunday tilt versus the Toronto Raptors .
The Sacramento Kings ( 4 - 7 ) beat the Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 4 ) 107 - 101 on Sunday . DeMarcus Cousins could not be contained by the Raptors , as he scored 36 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and three blocks on 12 - for - 22 shooting . The Kings big man flexed his newfound range from the 3 - point line and finished 3 - for - 6 from deep . With the game coming down to the wire , Cousins drove the lane with :25 left and scored a tough layup to extend the Kings lead by three . The Raptors were led by a strong backcourt of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan , as both guards finished with 22 points and 24 points , respectively , to go along with a combined nine steals in the vigorous defensive effort . The Raptors turned to offseason acquisition DeMarre Carroll in crunch time , but the ex - Hawk was unable to convert two 3 - pointers with under two minutes to play and finished with 17 points and four rebounds on 6 - for - 13 shooting ( 4 - for - 9 from the 3 - point line ) . Rajon Rondo flashed his brilliant court vision , especially in the second half , where he completed nine of his 14 assists to go along with seven points , seven rebounds and two steals on 3 - for - 10 shooting . After starting the first six games of the season seeing 27 minutes per game , Rondo has contributed five straight 40+ minute performances , including 43:16 at the Sleep Train Arena . Rudy Gay was able to get his shot going and added 27 points , six rebounds and three assists on 10 - for - 16 shooting , which went along with the sharp shooting theme for the Kings , as the team shot 51 percent from the field . The Toronto Raptors will look to end the Golden State Warriors ( 110 ) perfect season when they visit Oracle Arena on Tuesday , while the Kings visit the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 4 ) on Wednesday .
The thirteenth place Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 12 ) got the 112 - 98 win over the fourth place Dallas Mavericks ( 10 - 8 ) , sending a message to the West not to count them out yet . The Kings out - scored the Mavs 89 - 66 after the first quarter and were looking confident . The Mavs tried to hack - a - Rondo down the stretch but the deficit was too great , meanwhile neither could they handle DeMarcus Cousins in the paint . Cousins was back in action Monday night and looked great , leading the Kings with 31 points , inlcuding going 10 - 10 from the free throw line , nine rebounds , six assists and one block . Rajon Rondo posted 21 points , five assists and three rebounds in 29 minutes . Rudy Gay was efficient scoring 20 points on 7 - 12 shooting from the field , along with seven rebounds and one assist . Darren Collison chipped in 15 points , five rebounds and three assists in 27 minutes off the bench . Dallas has been looking good so far this season but will have to be weary of teams like Sacramento , who although started poorly have the potential to make a climb in the West . The Mavericks had six players score double digits but struggled as a team , shooting only 42 percent from the field . Chandler Parsons led the way in scoring with 14 points on 5 - 8 shooting from the field in a limited 24 minutes . Zaza Pachulia posted a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds . Dirk Nowitzki finished with 13 points and seven rebounds . J.J. Barea sat this one out with a sprained ankle . Dallas will face the second night of a back - to - back on Tuesday in Portland , where they will meet another lower ranked , yet dangerous Western team . Sacramento will get a rest before hosting Boston on Thursday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 8 - 15 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 9 - 10 ) 114 - 106 on Tuesday night . In a battle of a dominant defense versus a potent offense , the better offense prevailed . The Kings were at full force tonight , as they shot an amazing 56 percent from the field in their victory . The Jazz continue to play poor defense without Rudy Gobert and that can be exemplified by the fact that they failed to record a block in this game . The Jazz have been the better team this season , but the Kings simply have more talent and that proved to be the difference on Tuesday . Utah is known for their stifling defense , but it simply hasn’t been the same with Gobert . They are now allowing nearly 115 points a game without Gobert in the lineup and they simply ca n't score enough to win those types of games . Utah actually got off 15 more shots than the Kings , but were outshot by 15 percent . Utah 's best player on this night was Gordon Hayward yet again , as he tallied 18 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the defeat . The bench also played well , as Trevor Booker , Trey Burke and Alec Burks combined for 42 points . Utah 's going to have to learn to play better defense without Gobert or the recent struggles will continue . Utah will host the New York Knicks on Wednesday in their next scheduled game . This win ended a three - game skid for the Kings and it came with a great team performance . The starters were simply fantastic , as they combined for 92 points in the win . Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins both led the team with 23 points and Omri Casspi and Rajon Rondo pitched in with some nice double - doubles . This is the George Karl offense at its finest , as the starters combined for 26 assists and made great passes one after another . Sacramento will look to build off this win when they host the New York Knicks on Thursday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 13 - 20 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 18 ) 98 - 94 on Sunday . Damian LIllard ( foot ) sat out a fourth consecutive game , but the all star point guard was not needed , as the Blazers won the second game of a difficult back - to - back . Coming off a blowout performance against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday , Portland turned to C.J. McCollum to carry the weight at Sleep Train Arena . McCollum fell one assist shy of a triple - double and rounded out the box score to the tune of 35 points , 11 rebounds , nine assists and four steals on 14 - of - 28 shooting . Allen Crabbe started in the backcourt alongside McCollum and added 10 points and five rebounds . The Portland bench made up for a weak starting frontcourt , with Meyers Leonard pitching in 16 points and 11 rebounds ( his first double - double of the season ) and Maurice Harkless adding 13 points in 33 minutes . Portland will look to make it three straight wins when they host the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 19 ) on Wednesday . DeMarcus Cousins led all scorers with 36 points , to go along with six rebounds and two assists on 12 - of - 26 shooting . Cousins committed five turnovers in the losing effort , while point guard Rajon Rondo added eight turnovers of his own . The turnovers proved detrimental to the Kings , especially out of their two star players , as they slipped up midway through the fourth quarter , sparking the Blazers to take the lead . Rondo added nine points and 15 assists . Omri Casspi and Darren Collison were the only other Kings’ to finish in double figures , with 14 points and 10 points , respectively . Sacramento will take the short trip to visit the Golden State Warriors ( 28 - 1 ) on Monday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 3 - 31 ) upset the Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 20 ) 111 - 105 on Wednesday night . In a battle of two bad teams , poor execution was on display . Most notably , the shooting was bad all - around . Both teams shot shy of 62 percent from the free - throw line and both teams shot right around 30 percent from long distance . The Sixers are the most turnover prone team in the NBA , but they dominated that battle here , committing 13 to the Kings 22 . The pace was incredible in this game as well , as there were a combined 168 shots and 75 combined free - throws . The Sixers are a revived team as of late and it directly correlates with the addition of Ish Smith . They have been competitive in three - straight games and committing far less turnovers . That 's what a veteran point guard will bring to a team and it 's clear they made a good move here after numerous poor decisions in the past . He was Philly 's best player tonight , as he tallied 18 points , nine assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the win . Nerlens Noel also had a good game , as he collected 20 points , nine rebounds and four steals . Jahlil Okafor also made his return here from a knee injury and put in a double - double off the bench in just 20 minutes of play . In addition , Jerami Grant was extremely active in this game , as he recorded a double - double and pitched in seven combined blocks and steals in the game . Philadelphia has a good chance to continue their recent good stretch against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday . This sort of game is a microcosm of the Kings season . The talent discrepancy on paper in this game was truly unfair , yet this game was close throughout and they trailed for the entirety of the second half . The sloppy play really killed this team , as they shot well but committed 22 turnovers . DeMarcus Cousins was Sacramento 's best player , as he totaled 21 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks in the loss . Rajon Rondo also had a good game despite committing seven turnovers , as he amassed eight points , 14 assists and five rebounds . Marco Belinelli also had an impressive game off the bench , scoring a season - high 28 points . There were many instances throughout the game where the fans were booing their home team and that 's a sad indication of where this franchise is right now . They 'll host the Phoenix Suns in their next game on Saturday in a battle of disgruntled teams .
The Sacramento Kings ( 13 - 20 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 24 ) 142 - 119 on Saturday . Two of the worst teams in the Western Conference combined to nearly short circuit the scoreboard in Sacramento 's Sleep Train Arena . The Kings posted the highest scoring total by a team in a non - overtime contest this season , while the 261 total points scored were also a high - water mark for a game that ended in regulation . Sacramento ambushed the Suns from the opening tipoff , outscoring them 31 - 18 in the first period . However , Phoenix admirably battled back through the second quarter and early part of the third , to the extent that they were able to hold a four - point lead approximately six minutes after intermission . The Kings then blasted Phoenix 36 - 16 over the next seven minutes of play to carry a 16 - point advantage heading into the final quarter , a lead that had grown to 23 by game 's end . The home team naturally had a stellar night offensively , shooting an incredible 61 percent from the field . They also demolished the short - handed Suns down low , outscoring them in the paint by a margin of 60 - 32 . Phoenix , which amassed an outstanding point total in their own right , was led by Brandon Knight 's 23 points , five rebounds , five assists and a steal . Rookie Devin Booker pitched in with a new career - high figure of 21 points , and added three assists , a rebound and four steals . In what is apparently a lost season for the Suns replete with injury concerns and disciplinary problems , Booker 's development over the rest of the campaign figures to give Phoenix fans reasons for optimism . Another potential future centerpiece , T.J. Warren , followed up an outstanding 29 - point effort on New Year 's Eve versus the Thunder with a 19 - point , five - rebound , four - assist effort . Three Suns reserves managed double - digit scoring , led by Mirza Teletovic 's 13 points . Jon Leuer ( 11 points ) and Ronnie Price ( 10 points ) also made solid contributions from the bench , with the former apparently primed to return to his starting position at the four as early as Sunday after playing 17 minutes tonight . The Suns fell to 12 - 24 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Sunday . The Kings had a smorgasbord of double - digit scorers , led by DeMarcus Cousins ' 32 points on outstanding 11 of 15 shooting . The enigmatic big man also added nine rebounds , an assist and two steals . Darren Collison actually was the runner - up points - wise , managing 21 points , six assists and a pair of rebounds off the bench over a highly efficient 29 minutes . The forward tandem of Rudy Gay and Omri Casspi pitched in with 16 and 13 points , respectively , while Rajon Rondo put together a vintage performance that exemplifies what he can bring to the table when his game is hitting on all cylinders . The veteran point guard poured in 15 points , dished out 15 assists , and added six rebounds and a steal . Marco Belinelli was the other notable contributor in a reserve role , tallying 19 points , a pair of rebounds and a steal in just 21 minutes . Sacramento improved to 13 - 20 and remains entrenched in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder on Monday night .
The Sacramento Kings ( 15 - 21 ) held off the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 29 ) to win 118 - 115 on Thursday night . Sacramento started off quick in this game and nearly blew it late . They took a 25 - 4 lead in the first quarter and really stepped on the Lakers throats early . What was most impressive is that the Kings scored an astounding 30 points in the first seven minutes of the game . The assisting numbers were a huge difference in the game , as Sacramento recorded 32 assists to the Lakers 20 . It wasn’t just in the stat sheet though , as the Kings moved the ball flawlessly while the Lakers continued to go to ISO ball time after time . Despite trailing by 27 , the Lakers actually took a fourth quarter lead with just a few minutes left , but couldn’t quite hold on for a win . The Lakers showed some serious fight here and the most promising aspect of the comeback was that the youngsters orchestrated it . D'Angelo Russell scored a career - high 27 points off the bench in a spectacular performance as well . The star of the show was Kobe Bryant though , as he turned back the clock with a 28 - point effort . While this goes down as a loss in the record book , they showed some great resiliency to fight back when the game was all but over early . Los_Angeles has a tough task in their next game though , as they play an Oklahoma City Thunder team that has beat them by a combined 75 points in both their matchups this season . Sacramento has been playing their best ball of the season recently , but nearly had another devastating loss here . The scoring in the fourth quarter absolutely fell apart , as they only had six points through the first eight minutes . They were able to prevail though and hit some big shots late to end up pulling out a win . DeMarcus Cousins continued his ridiculous form as of late , as he tallied 29 points , 10 rebounds , and seven assists while dealing with foul trouble throughout the second half . Rajon Rondo returned from his one - game absence to post a nine - point , 12 assists , six rebound and four steal line . While the Kings have been winning lately , they 'll have a tough time keeping that going against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday in their next scheduled game .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 12 - 26 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 15 - 23 ) 109 - 97 at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento , CA on Wednesday . Anthony Davis made his return to the line up after missing two games with a bruised back . New_Orleans lost both games without Davis but seemed completely rejuvenated by his return . Despite playing on the second night of a back - to - back and on the road , the Pelicans came out firing on all cylinders . They grabbed control of the game right from the start , with a 28 - 19 first quarter , followed up with 31 point second and third quarters . The Pelicans were up 90 - 65 going into the fourth . Sacramento responded with a big 32 - 19 fourth quarter but it was much too little , much too late . Anthony Davis led the way for the Pelicans as he logged 24 points ( 8 - 23 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , 10 rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 37 minutes . Eric Gordon also finished with 24 points , while shooting an efficient 6 - 12 from distance . Gordon also chipped in six assists , five rebounds , three steals and one block , in 42 minutes . Ryan Anderson and Norris Cole tallied 18 points each , off the bench . The Pelicans did a very good job protecting the ball and only gave up seven turnovers . They also shot 48 percent from long range . Tyreke Evans left the game early with a sore right knee . DeMarcus Cousins led Sacramento in scoring and rebounding , with 32 points ( 13 - 30 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and 12 rebounds , in 36 minutes . Rajon Rondo had a point guard 's double - double with 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 10 assists , along with five rebounds , in 29 minutes . Rudy Gay finished with 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG ) and six rebounds . Omri Casspi returned to the line up after missing games with a sore upper back and finished with seven points and six rebounds , in 29 minutes off the bench . The Kings will begin a three - game road trip in Utah on Thursday . Utah sits just ahead of them in the standings and will also be on the second night of a back to back , making for a tough match - up . The Pelicans will host the Hornets on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 23 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 23 - 20 ) 108 - 97 at Sleep Train Arena on Saturday . DeMarcus Cousins put on a show in front of the home crowd and went off for 48 points , which set a new career high for the Kings big man . All 48 points were needed in the win , as the Pacers kept threatening until the last six minutes of regulation . Sacramento stretched a six point lead to 10 points midway through the fourth quarter after Cousins drained a midrange jumper and followed up with a cutting layup . The Kings center added 13 rebounds and two assists on 17 - of - 29 shooting in 39 minutes . Cousins scoring outburst overshadowed an equally impressive performance from Rajon Rondo , who completed another triple - double on 11 points , 10 rebounds and 10 assists . Darren Collison added clutch baskets down the stretch , adding 11 points , which tled the bench in scoring . Willie Cauley-Stein played well alongside Cousins and although he was not needed to pitch in on the offensive end , he did grab 12 rebounds starting at the center position . The Kings accomplished this without starter Rudy Gay ( heel ) , who did not suit up for the game . Sacramento will host the Charlotte Hornets ( 21 - 23 ) on Monday . The Pacers trailed the entirety of the game and were unable to stop DeMarcus Cousins from wreaking havoc from both the midrange and the paint . Paul George tried to shoot the Pacers back into contention in the second half , but it was enough to dent the Kings lead . George finished with 34 points , four rebounds and one assist on 9 - of - 20 shooting in 34 minutes . Jordan Hill pitched in 17 points , while no other starter was able to crack double figures . George Hill did not start , but did come off the bench after missing the past three games , and added 8 points in four assists in 32 minutes . Myles Turner turned one of the more rounded out performances after blocking five shots , to go along with 11 points and six rebounds . Indiana will look to bounce back when they host the Los Angeles Clippers ( 28 - 15 ) on Tuesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 22 - 23 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 24 ) 129 - 128 in double overtime at Sleep Train Arena on Monday . A wild battle throughout all six periods of play resulted in four players fouling out and a NBA season - high 56 points being poured in from DeMarcus Cousins . The Hornets came out a winner in the neck - and - neck shootout and it was from an unlikely hero in Troy Daniels , who hit the game winning three - pointer with just under :10 remaining in the second overtime . Charlotte had two chances to win the game before the added time , as Kemba Walker missed a free throw with :1 left in the fourth quarter and got blocked by Willie Cauley-Stein at the end of the first overtime . Walker was named Eastern Conference Player of the Week after stepping up for multiple scoring outbursts while Nicolas Batum ( toe ) , Jeremy Lamb ( toe ) and Cody Zeller ( shoulder ) were all sidelined with injuries , but struggled to find a rhythm . He finished with 24 points on 5 - of - 25 shooting in 45 minutes . Combine the injuries with the three players fouling out for Charlotte ( Marvin Williams , Spencer Hawes and Tyler Hansbrough ) and they were left with only Frank Kaminsky left to guard DeMarcus Cousins . Kaminsky drew a charging foul , which was Cousins’ sixth , which evened the playing field in terms of stretching the bench . Daniels , the aforementioned hero , finished with 28 points and seven rebounds on 10 - of - 15 shooting in 31 minutes , while Jeremy Lin scored 20 points , including some clutch buckets in the first overtime . The Hornets will visit the Utah Jazz ( 19 - 25 ) on Wednesday . DeMarcus Cousins continued his hot start to 2016 and proved why he was deserving of the Western Conference Player of the Week after scoring 56 points on 21 - of - 30 shooting in 45 minutes . Cousins added 12 rebounds , but his physical play drew a charging foul when the Kings needed him most , and had to leave the game with over 3:30 left in the second overtime . If not for Cousins fantastic performance , Sacramento would not have made it to the second overtime , as he went to the foul line and nailed two clutch free throws to go up one point towards the end of regulation . Rajon Rondo exploded for 20 assists , most of which to Cousins in the post , to go along with seven points and 10 rebounds . When Cousins was not scoring at a ridiculous rate , Gay pitched in from the wing and finished with 20 points in 40 minutes . The loss snaps the Kings five game winning streak . Sacramento plays the second game of a back - to - back at the Portland Trail Blazers ( 20 - 26 ) on Tuesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 27 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 30 ) 111 - 104 at Sleep Train Arena on Monday . Sacramento was without DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) , but earned an unlikely scoring outburst from Rajon Rondo to send the Bucks to their 30th loss of the season . While 19 points might not seem like an outburst , it came from a point guard who has never been to known to shoot the ball , especially from behind the arc . Rondo finished 6 - of - 10 from the field and 4 - of - 4 from behind the arc , including one deep ball that put the game out of reach with just over two minutes remaining in regulation . He added seven assists and two rebounds to his hot hand . Rudy Gay truly deserves the outburst title in terms of scoring , and abused his matchup with Jabari Parker after he scored 32 points to lead all scorers , and added nine rebounds and six assists in one of his best performances of the season . The Kings were still dominant in the rebounding battle and pulled down 53 boards as a unit , as compared to the 37 rebounds from the opposition . Omri Casspi and Darren Collison combined for 27 points off the bench , while the beaten up Kings only went nine guys deep in the win . The Kings will host the Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 21 ) on Wednesday . The Bucks earned strong performances from their starters in terms of the box score , but physically they were overmatched , although the game had multiple lead changes and was within striking distance until the final three minutes of regulation . The aforementioned rebounding battle killed most of the second chance opportunities for Milwaukee , and the poor shooting off the bench did not help in the loss . Greg Monroe totaled a double - double with 24 points and 12 rebounds , while Giannis Antetokounmpo showed off a pretty eurostep throughout the game and scored 17 points , to go along with five rebounds in 35 minutes . Jabari Parker had one of his most efficient shooting efforts , adding 16 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , but the percentages do not reflect Rudy Gay exploiting the sophomores defensive breakdowns . The Bucks also went nine men deep , but the four bench players combined for a lowly 15 points . The Bucks will visit the Portland Trail Blazers ( 23 - 26 ) on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 21 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 28 ) 107 - 102 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) returned to the lineup after missing just one game with a sprained ankle . The start came as no surprise , seeing that Cousins participated in the team 's shootaround earlier on Wednesday . The hottest shooting big man throughout the month of January has continued his hot streak into February and finished with 30 points , 11 rebounds and four assists , but committed six costly turnovers , including a lane violation while on the free throw line in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter . Darren Collison and Marco Belinelli pitched in 18 points and 19 points , respectively , to aid Cousins in the effort , but it was not enough to earn the home win . The game was kept close throughout its entirety , but the final minute came to a crawling finish , with multiple missed free throws and turnovers , eventually leaning in the Bulls favor . Chicago was without their superstar as well , as Jimmy Butler ( ankle ) was sidelined with knee soreness . Unlike Cousins , this news came as a surprise considering Butler was not listed on the injury report heading into Wednesday . Butler did come off a 47 minute performance on Monday , so it is possible that it was a strategic rest on the Bulls part . E'Twaun Moore earned the start , while Doug McDermott saw increased minutes off the bench . Moore finished with 24 points , five boards and four assists , while McDermott added 11 points , doing just enough combined to make up for their missing all - star . Pau Gasol keeps chugging along in the Chicago system , and added his 28th double - double of the season , and finished with 16 points and 13 rebounds on 6 - of - 16 shooting in 36 minutes . Derrick Rose flashed his explosive first step and turned in another strong performance , as he scored 21 points , to go along with six rebounds and nine assists . Both teams play on Friday , as the Bulls will visit the Denver Nuggets ( 19 - 31 ) and the Kings will visit the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 38 ) .
The Sacramento Kings ( 23 - 31 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 33 ) 116 - 110 on Friday . It 's rare to say that the Kings won a game with defense , but they did just that here . They held the Nuggets to just 46 points in the final two quarters after allowing nearly 60 in the first two . The shooting was key for Sacramento , as they shot 49 percent from the field , 78 percent from the free - throw line and 48 percent from three - point range . Amazingly , the Kings got all but four of their points from just five of their players in the win . Sacramento 's starters scored 87 points compared to Denver 's 55 . Denver came into this game winning four of six , but couldn’t muster up enough to beat a talented Kings team . Danilo Gallinari continued his scoring ways , as he dropped 27 points in the loss . No other starter scored in double - digits aside from Gary Harris , who finished with 14 points , four rebounds and five assists . Joffrey Lauvergne had his best game of the season off the bench , as he tallied 22 points and seven rebounds . On deck is a matchup against the Boston Celtics on Sunday . It 's not too often that an NBA team can win with five payers combining for four points , but Sacramento did just that . DeMarcus Cousins went bonkers in the win , as he accumulated 37 points , 20 rebounds , and four blocks . Rajon Rondo fell an assist shy of a triple - double , as he tallied 24 points , 10 rebounds , nine assists and five steals in a monster game . Rudy Gay pitched in with 24 points of his own and Darren Collison scored 17 off the bench . The Kings next game will be on Tuesday , when they get a rematch against these same Denver Nuggets .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 38 - 20 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 33 ) 117 - 107 on Friday . In a battle between two of the best offenses in the NBA , the defenses showed their true form . The key for the Clippers was protecting the ball , as they committed just eight turnovers , while forcing the Kings to commit 16 . Los_Angeles shot 48 percent from the field , with Sacramento shooting 44 percent on their end . The game really changed in the third quarter , as the Clippers outscored the Kings 34 to 16 . Los_Angeles had lost three of five coming into this and got a much needed dose of poor opposition . Chris Paul had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 40 points , 13 assists and eight rebounds in the win . Jeff Green also had his best game with the Clippers , as he scored 22 points in his first start . On deck for the Clippers is a matchup against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday . Sacramento has been let down by their defense all season and it let them down once again in this matchup . DeMarcus Cousins had yet another spectacular game though , as he accumulated 26 points , 15 rebounds and nine assists . Sacramento had to play this game without Rajon Rondo , but it opened up the door for Seth Curry to drop a career - high 19 points off the bench . Up next for the Kings is another tough game against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 42 - 18 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 34 ) 131 - 116 at Sleep Train Arena on Monday . Russell Westbrook nearly registered a triple - double in by the end of the first half , and followed through to complete the feat for his ninth of the season , trailing only the Golden State Warriors Draymond Green , for most in the NBA . Westbrook finished with 20 points , 13 rebounds and 15 assists on 6 - of - 8 shooting , in the all around dominant performance . Kevin Durant was not far behind his counterpart after registering 27 points , 10 rebounds and six assists on 8 - of - 17 shooting , which led all Thunder scorers in the contest . Enes Kanter was on the receiving end of many of Westbrook 's dimes and was the definition of perfect shooting , as he scored 23 points on 11 - of - 11 shooting in 25 minutes off the bench . Scoring was not an issue for the Thunder , and their only issue on the defensive end was containing DeMarcus Cousins , who was a force in the paint . Oklahoma_City tends to struggle on the defensive end of the floor though , but when the offense clicks and leads to 131 points , few teams will be able to keep up . The Thunder continue their west coast road trip when they visit the Los Angeles Clippers ( 38 - 20 ) in the first game of a difficult back - to - back on Wednesday . Heading into Monday , point guard Rajon Rondo ( hand ) was listed as questionable , followed by doubtful , but still ended up starting and finishing the game . Rondo almost matched Westbrook with a triple - double , falling one rebound shy of the achievement , and finished with 11 points , nine rebounds and 12 assists in 36 minutes . The NBA leading assists per game guard caused some slight controversy at the end of the first half , as he stalled the inbound pass on back - to - back possessions , which led to to two delay of game calls that send Kevin Durant to the free throw line for two easy buckets . DeMarcus Cousins added to the heated matchup after he got tangled up with Durant in the first quarter , as the two all - stars needed to be separated before anything escalated too quickly . Cousins led all scorers to the tune of 35 points , to go along with 12 rebounds and three assists . Sacramento is slipping further away from a playoff spot after dropping their third straight game and currently sit 5 games back of the Houston Rockets from the Houston Rockets for the 8 - seed in the Western Conference . The Kings will look to bounce back when they visit the Memphis Grizzlies ( 34 - 24 ) on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 45 - 18 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 38 ) 120 - 111 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . Cleveland only went nine players deep on the road , but the starters had no trouble in the scoring department , as all five put up double figures . Led by Kyrie Irving’s 30 points , including back - to - back threes just before the end of the half to cut the Kings lead , the point guard shot 11 - of - 22 from the field alongside one rebound and four assists . LeBron James pitched in 25 points , 11 rebounds and six assists , while Kevin Love contributed a double - double , as he scored 17 points and grabbed 10 rebounds . The double - double party continued with Tristan Thompson’s 18 points and 15 rebounds , and the box score reflected the rebounding domination that the Cavaliers put on the Kings , especially on the offensive end , where Cleveland grabbed 15 offensive boards compared the the lowly five rebounds Sacramento was able to pull down . Sacramento was efficient in their shooting and found their spots throughout the contest , and although they brought the game within one point of tying the game midway through the fourth quarter , the Cavs kept pulling out scoring runs on the back of the aforementioned offensive rebounds . DeMarcus Cousins led the Kings , as the all - star and fourth leading points scorer in the league finished with 29 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and two steals on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Rajon Rondo finished with half of his league leading assist numbers , as the crafty point guard scored 11 points and dished out six assists , while Rudy Gay was routinely on the receiving end of those dimes . Gay contributed 19 points on 13 shots , as the Kings shot just under 48 percent from the field as unit . Unlike the Cavs , the Kings went to their bench for depth , but only received quality minutes from Omri Casspi , who pitched in 13 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting in 23 minutes . The Cavaliers will play their second game of a back - to - back on the road against the Los Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 51 ) on Thursday , while the Kings will host the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 36 ) on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 28 - 44 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 52 ) 116 - 94 on Friday . Usually the Kings let down in games where they are big favorites , but that wasn’t the case on Friday . They really pulled away in the second and third quarters , as they outscored the Suns 64 - 40 . The Sacramento defense was key , as they held Phoenix to 37 percent shooting and forced them to commit 22 turnovers . The Suns have been playing better recently , but this was an ugly performance . Brandon Knight was scratched minutes before tip - off and that really hurt them , as he was dealing with a stomach illness . Devin Booker was fantastic though , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and four assists . Alex Len scored 14 of his own , while also bringing down seven boards . On deck for the Suns is a matchup against the Boston Celtics on Saturday . The Kings haven’t had many games like this , but it was one of their best performances of the season . Despite playing just three quarters , DeMarcus Cousins scored 29 points and grabbed 11 rebounds . Willie Cauley-Stein had the best game of his young career , as he scored a career - high 26 points off the bench . Up next for Sacramento is a matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 29 - 44 ) blew out the Dallas Mavericks ( 35 - 38 ) in a 133 - 111 win on Sunday . Some people may have anticipated a blowout here , but it probably wasn’t the team you 'd expect . Sacramento dominated throughout , as they led by 23 headed into the fourth . The Kings shot an incredible 62 percent from the field , which is one of the high marks of the season . Sacramento also handed out 10 more assists than the Mavericks , as they dished out 32 to Dallas ' 22 . Dallas has been struggling mightily recently and this result is their second half in a microcosm . This marks their fifth loss in their last six games and they continue to lose bodies as well . Eight players scored in double figures , with Raymond Felton leading the team with 15 points . J.J. Barea played well while filling in for Deron Williams , as he tallied 14 points , three rebounds and three assists . Dallas has to play again on Monday , when they take on the Denver Nuggets . This was one of Sacramento 's best games of the season , as they got to sit the starters for the entirety of the fourth quarter . DeMarcus Cousins still impressed in three quarters , as he amassed 20 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . The bench was spectacular , as five players scored in double figures with Willie Cauley-Stein leading the team with 21 points . In fact , the bench outscored the starters by 21 points . On deck for the Kings is a matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 42 - 37 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 47 ) at Sleep Train Arena on Tuesday , 115 - 107 . The Kings entered the contest winning four of their last six games , but narrowly fell to the Blazers , even with DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo in the lineup . The inconsistent Sacramento squad has been in the headlines over the past few weeks with Cousins being the center of attention after the strange strategy of sitting him during away games came up . Combine that with George Karl’s decision to rest most of his team without having a shot at the Western Conference playoffs , and one might think the circus is in town . Even with the two superstars in the starting five , the Kings were shorthanded , as Rudy Gay ( rest ) , Kosta Koufos ( rest ) , Darren Collison ( rest ) and Marco Belinelli ( foot ) were all sidelined . Regardless of who was available , the Blazers are not a great road team . DeMarcus Cousins was able to bully his matchups with Maurice Harkless and Mason Plumlee . The big man scored 30 points and grabbed nine rebounds on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Rajon Rondo packed the box score on his way to a triple - double with 27 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists . The Blazers looked sloppy in the first half , but C.J. McCollum’s ability to change pace and cut corners on a dime kept the game close enough to take advantage of the shorthanded Kings in the second half . McCollum matched Cousins’ 30 points and added three rebounds , three assists and five three pointers in the contest . Damian Lillard took a few quarters to heat up , but the second half , particularly the fourth quarter , is named “Lillard Time” for a reason . Portland’s point guard scored 22 points , dished out eight assists and did damage from the free throw line where he knocked down 7 - of - 8 shots . Harkless was not exactly superb on the defensive end , but his willingness on the offensive end of the floor led to one of his best performances of the season , as he pitched in 20 points and 16 rebounds ( seven of which on the offense ) on 50 percent shooting . Neither team 's bench shined in the game , but Portland heavily outrebounded Sacramento 49 - 34 , while also forcing 19 turnovers . The Blazers will host the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 54 - 24 ) as part of the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday , while the Kings welcome the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 52 ) on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 27 - 52 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 48 ) 105 - 97 on Thursday . Minnesota came into this game as a rare road favorite and didn’t disappoint . In fact , they either won or tied every quarter in this game . The key for them was the shooting , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The defense was solid as well , as the Kings were held to 42 percent shooting on their end , while committing 19 turnovers . After coming off their biggest win of the season , the T'Wolves didn’t have a letdown . Gorgui Dieng was the player of the game , as he scored 18 points and grabbed 13 rebounds in the win . Zach LaVine scored 18 of his own , while also recording three steals . Nemanja Bjelica scored 18 points of his own off the bench as well . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded yet another double - double in a 17 - point , 10 - rebound performance . On deck for Minnesota is a matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . The Kings played this game without DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo and they clearly weren’t the same team . Rudy Gay did step up though , as he accumulated 13 points , 13 rebounds and five steals in the defeat . The leading scorer was Darren Collison , as he scored 19 while dishing out six assists . Willie Cauley-Stein started again to tally 15 points , six rebounds and three steals . Quincy Acy came off the bench to scored 17 in a solid performance . Up next for Sacramento is a matchup with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 1 - 1 ) by a score of 112 - 101 on Thursday . The Knicks had a pleasantly surprising opening night offensive outburst , tallying 122 points and doing so on a poor shooting night from star Carmelo Anthony . The All-Star small forward regained his stroke Thursday , albeit in defeat , pouring in 25 points , despite still struggling somewhat from the field on 10 - for - 27 shooting . The Hawks capitalized on strong scoring nights from stalwarts Jeff Teague and Al Horford , and a gritty double - double effort from Paul Millsap at power forward . Millsap hauled in 11 boards to go along with his 11 points , which were not easy to come by on a night where his accuracy from the field was subpar . Small forward Kent Bazemore tallied his first five points of the season after going scoreless in the opener , and pitched in five assists . Dennis Schroder provided his usual infusion of offense off the bench , totaling 13 points in just over 18 minutes on the court . The Hawks evened their record at 1 - 1 and currently reside in second place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeastern Division . Atlanta heads home to face off against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday . In addition to Anthony’s 25 - point night , the Knicks benefited from offensive contributions on the part of free agent signee Robin Lopez , who chipped in 18 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting while often matched up against one of the tougher defensive centers in the NBA in Al Horford . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis followed up a strong 16 - point , five - rebound opener with a respectable 10 points , eight boards , and three steals . However , with starters Jose Calderon and Sasha Vujacic only scoring in single digits and Anthony struggling with his shot early , the Knicks fell into a 61 - 45 hole by halftime that they never recovered from.The Knicks fall to 1 - 1 and second place in the Eastern Conference’s Atlantic Division . They head to Washington for a date with the Wizards on Saturday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 3 - 1 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 2 - 2 ) by a count of 94 - 84 on Monday at Madison Square Garden . Kawhi Leonard continued to look like an All-Star in the affair , recording his second double - double of the season and finishing with 18 points and 14 rebounds in 36 minutes . He also continues to excel as one of the best on - ball defenders in the NBA , recording four blocks and two steals . Tim Duncan added a double - double of his own , finishing with 16 points and 10 rebounds on top of six assists , while LaMarcus Aldridge scored a team - high 19 points and grabbed six rebounds in 32 minutes . Even in defeat , the Knicks showed promise , as rookie forward Kristaps Porzingis recorded the first double - double of his short NBA career , finishing with 13 points on just 5 - of - 15 shooting and 14 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony added 19 points of his own , but shot just 4 - of - 17 from the field , as shooting struggles plagued the entire team . Overall , New_York shot just 36 percent from the field in the losing effort . Up next , the Spurs will travel to Washington D.C. on Wednesday to take on the Wizards , while the Knicks head to Cleveland on Wednesday to take on the Cavaliers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 8 - 1 ) snuck away with a victory against the New_York Knicks ( 4 - 6 ) after a hard fought battle at the Garden , with a final score of 90 - 84 . This was the eighth win in a row for the Cavs , after losing their season opener . New_York held the lead going into the fourth quarter and it was only with two minutes left that the Cavs managed to tie it up . LeBron led the way in the Cavs ' late rally and Mo Williams sealed the deal with four clutch free throws . New_York had a good game but could not come up clutch in crunch time to secure the lead . Carmelo Anthony did his best impression of himself , scoring 26 points on 9 - 20 shooting , including 4 - 8 from deep . Carmelo also added five rebounds and four assists . Kristaps Prozingis remained consistent and finished with 11 points and seven rebounds on 5 - 11 shooting , including some sweet post work against the Cavs interior . Arron Afflalo put in some good work in his second start for the Knicks , scoring 14 points , three rebounds and four assists . Jose Calderon was steady at the point guard position with 10 points on 4 - 5 shooting , 2 - 2 from deep , two rebounds , two asssits and three steals . LeBron James did everything to ensure his team came out with the W on Friday night as he led the way for the Cavs with 31 points on 12 - 21 shooting , six assists , three rebounds , two steals and one block . James had help from his old partner - in - crime , Mo Williams , who chipped in 20 points on 7 - 13 shooting . Kevin Love was quiet offensively but along with his seven points , grabbed 11 rebounds , two assists and one steal . Timofey Mozgov went 4 - 5 from the field , totalling 11 points , along with seven rebounds , in 26 minutes . Kyrie Irving and Iman Shumpert were still missing from the line - up and one can only imagine how much they will add to this team when they return . There will be no rest for the Cavs as they head to Milwaukee for a Saturday evening game , where they will look to continue their winning ways against the feisty Bucks . New_York will be Hosting New Orleans on Sunday and will have to stay focused to get the win against the struggling Pelicans
The New_York Knicks ( 5 - 6 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 9 ) 95 - 87 on Sunday . The Pelicans got back superstar forward Anthony Davis after a two - game absence due to a hip injury , and he certainly did not disappoint , Davis posted his second - highest scoring total of the season with 36 points , and added 11 rebounds , an assist , four blocks , and a steal in an impressive double - double . The All-Star forward 's valiant effort was for naught however , as his teammates were unable to lend much in the way of offensive support . Eric Gordon was the only other Pelicans starter to tally double - digit scoring with 11 points . Alonzo Gee flopped in a start at small forward with only two points over 26 minutes . Omer Asik was held scoreless in 13 minutes on the court , while Jrue Holiday pitched in seven points , four assists , three rebounds , and a steal in his season - high 25 minutes of playing time . Holiday continues to be brought along slowly in his return from last season 's leg injury . The steady Ryan Anderson - - the only other Pelican to have some success offensively - - contributed 16 points and five rebounds off the bench . The Pelicans dropped to 1 - 9 and remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home for a date with the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday . Not to be outdone by Davis , Carmelo Anthony led the charge for a resurgent Knicks squad with a double - double of his own . Anthony totaled 29 points,13 rebounds , three assists , and a steal over 39 minutes . The All-Star posted solid 53 percent shooting from the field ( 11 - for - 21 ) , and both his scoring total and field goal accuracy represented his second - best totals in each category to date in the new season . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis pitched in 10 points and four rebounds in his first encounter with Davis , while Kevin Seraphin ( 12 points ) and Langston Galloway ( 15 points ) had strong efforts off the bench . The Knicks improved to 5 - 6 and reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a Tuesday date with the Charlotte Hornets .
The New_York Knicks ( 10 - 10 ) evened out their record to .500 on Friday , defeating the Broooklyn Nets ( 5 - 14 ) 108 - 91 in a New_York City showdown . The Knicks started the game with an explosive 42 point first quarter , and their dominance of the game only continued from there . Superstar Carmelo Anthony led the way for the Knicks , dropping in 28 points including five makes from beyond the three - point line . The Knicks as a whole looked strong from deep , shooting 44 percent from beyond the arc . Even more impressive , however , was their perimeter defense , as they held the Nets to just 3 - for - 11 from three - point range . Also impressing for the Knicks was power forward Kristaps Porzingis . The reigning Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month posted yet another double - double , scoring 19 points and pulling down 10 rebounds . Porzingis has been sensational thus far this season . Despite projecting as a project player , the Latvian forward is looking like a strong candidate for Rookie of the Year . For the Nets , meanwhile , the loss marked a dropoff in momentum after two straight wins . Brooklyn holds the unfortunate title of second - worst record in the Eastern Conference , a problem only confounded by the fact that Boston owns the rights to their draft pick this year . Despite solid play from the frontcourt tandem of Brook Lopez ( 21 points , four rebounds , two blocks ) and Thaddeus Young ( 19 points , 11 rebounds ) , the Nets were simply unable to get anything going tonight , trailing by at least 15 points for the last three and a half quarters . The Knicks currently sit at eleventh in the Eastern Conference , trailing one and a half games behind the Celtics , Magic , and Hawks . New_York will look to carry momentum from the strong showing against the Nets into their next matchup , a trip to Milwaukee on Saturday to face the Bucks . Meanwhile , the Nets will look to regain their mojo after the blowout . They take on the undefeated Warriors on Sunday in Brooklyn .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 13 - 9 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 10 - 12 ) 104 - 97 despite a late rally by the Knicks . Dallas took a 16 - point lead going into the fourth quarter and nearly blew it with some terrible shooting . The team scored just 16 points in the final 12 minutes and were outscored 25 - 16 . What won them the game was their veteran leadership , as they committed just nine turnovers and allowed just nine free - throw attempts in the game . Both teams did shoot over 45 percent from the field , but the lack of errors is what won the Mavericks the game . Dallas was shooting well over 50 percent before a dreadful fourth quarter . They still held off the Knicks thanks to Dirk Nowitzki and Deron Williams . Nowitzki tallied 25 points and six rebounds , while Williams contributed 18 points and seven assists . Dallas was extremely shorthanded in the backcourt and Felton stepped in nicely , by collecting 14 points , five rebounds and five assists in the win . This is a nice win for the Mavericks against a resurgent Knicks team and they 'll look to keep up this form against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday . The Knicks have now lost six of their last eight games and the surprise team is starting to look more like what people expected . What people didn’t expect was this stellar play from Kristaps Porzingis , who continued his fantastic form on Monday . Porzingis scored a team - high 28 points in the loss on 13 - for - 18 shooting . Carmelo Anthony also had a nice all - around game , as he tallied 17 points , eight assists and six rebounds in the defeat . New_York will have another tough task when they have to travel to Salt Lake City to take on the Utah Jazz on Wednesday in their next game .
The Knicks ( 12 - 14 ) defeated the Timberwolves ( 9 - 16 ) by a score of 107 - 102 at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . Minnesota was able to cut New_York 's lead to three with 11 seconds remaining , but too many fouls earlier on in the fourth quarter put the game out of reach . The Knicks last 13 points all came from the charity stripe as Carmelo Anthony had perhaps his most well - rounded game of the season , scoring 20 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) with 15 rebounds , nine assists and four turnovers . Melo was a perfect 6 - for - 6 on crucial free throws late in the game . Timberwolves point guard Ricky Rubio came a point and two steals away from making history . He finished the game with nine points on 3 - of - 10 shooting from the field , 12 assists , 10 rebounds and eight steals , but was unable to complete the illusive quadruple - double . Karl-Anthony Towns got the best of his rookie counterpart Kristaps Porzingus , scoring a team - high 25 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) while pulling down 10 rebounds for his 11th double - double of the season . Andrew Wiggins also chipped in 23 points . Overshadowed by Anthony 's big performance was Aaron Afflalo 's game - high 29 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) . Afflalo did most of his work in the low post surprisingly and he had no trouble making easy work of a soft T-Wolves defense . It was playing with the second unit off the bench that really sparked Afflalo towards his big night . The Knicks still need to stay more consistent on the offensive end and barely escaped with a victory after blowing a 20 - point lead at halftime .
The New_York Knicks ( 14 - 14 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 10 ) 107 - 91 on Saturday . The Bulls were a depleted team coming into the contest , having endured 68 minutes of basketball in a quadruple - overtime loss to the Detroit Pistons one night earlier . Center Pau Gasol did not even make the trip to New_York , with Joakim Noah getting the starting call . Although the veteran was outstanding in Gasol 's stead - - managing a 21 - point , 10 - rebound double - double - - - the rest of the Chicago starters looked understandably sluggish . Iron man Jimmy Butler was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit scoring , and he amassed only 12 points at that . Chicago was at a disadvantage from the start in this road contest , and New_York was able to exploit their exhaustion for the relatively easy victory . The silver lining for Chicago having to give their starters more rest than usual was that it provided 2015 first - round pick Bobby Portis his first opportunity for extended action . The rookie responded in fine fashion , posting a 20 - point , 11 - rebound double - double over a highly productive 23 minutes . Aaron Brooks also tallied double - digit points in a reserve role , pouring in 11 and adding three assists , a rebound and a steal . A weary Derrick Rose could only muster six points over 21 minutes , while Tony Snell ( seven points ) and Taj Gibson ( six points ) underwhelmed as well . Chicago fell to 15 - 10 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Brooklyn Nets on Monday . The Knicks were lead by another stellar effort from Carmelo Anthony , who has begun to really hit his stride on offense over the last several games . He posted a game - high 27 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . Arron Afflalo also continued his recent stretch of strong play , posting his fifth straight double - digit scoring performance with an 18 - point tally . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis was solid with 10 points and seven rebounds , while Lance Thomas made his customarily solid contributions from the bench with a 13 - point effort over 24 minutes . New_York evened their record at 14 - 14 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday .
The Magic ( 16 - 12 ) managed to outlast the Knicks ( 14 - 15 ) en route to a 107 - 99 victory at Madison Square Garden on Monday . Nikola Vucevic had 20 of his game - high 26 points after the third quarter while Evan Fournier was able to make a couple of huge baskets back - to - back to give the Magic a six point lead with two minutes remaining in the fourth , which ultimately put the Knicks out of reach . Vucevic abused New_York down low , finishing 13 - of - 19 from the field with nine rebounds . Carmelo Anthony started off hot for the Knicks , but cooled off in the final frame . The Magic may have got the win Monday , but they lost point guard Elfrid Payton in the first quarter due to a sore left ankle . Prior to leaving , Payton was having a decent night with five points and three assists in 10 minutes of action . Orlando turned to Victor Oladipo in Payton 's absence and he put together a nice game , scoring 12 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) in 24 minutes . The Magic have been very good on the defensive side of the ball lately , but losing Payton will certainly affect those results should he be sidelined for an extended period of time . The Knicks were n't able to get a stop down the stretch , which led to their demise . They did however get an encouraging game from Lance Thomas , who matched his career high of 24 points - - which was also a season high - - while shooting a perfect 9 - of - 9 from the field ( 3 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) . Thomas has really come on in the month of December , averaging almost 12 points and a little over 20 minutes per game off the bench while having scored in double figures in six straight .
The New_York Knicks ( 15 - 18 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 17 - 15 ) 108 - 96 on Tuesday . It was a game where both teams went against some recent trends and produced some atypical numbers as a result . New_York came into the contest in a bit of a funk on offense , having failed to hit the century mark in four straight games . They were able to comfortably surpass that mark with a surprisingly solid shooting night . The Knicks had managed to only drain 43 percent of their field - goal attempts on the season ( fifth - worst in the league ) , and their 33 percent metric from beyond the arc ranked them 24th out of 30 teams in that category . Tuesday , they posted stellar 54 and 50 percent figures , respectively , while also outmuscling a Pistons team down low that features Andre Drummond as its centerpiece . New_York outscored Detroit in the paint 46 - 36 , while also besting them on the glass by a margin of 36 - 24 . Considering that the Pistons had entered Tuesday as one of the top rebounding teams in the league , the feat was especially noteworthy . The visitors did receive an impressively productive night from their starting lineup , with four players tallying double - digit points . Veteran Ersan Ilysova led the way with 19 points , six rebounds , an assist and three steals , while Marcus Morris and Reggie Jackson complemented him with a pair of 17 - point efforts . The latter came away just one assist short of a double - double . Andre Drummond also fell just short of that mark , but when he does , it 's breaking news . The Pistons ' center had managed double - digit points and rebounds in all but four of Detroit 's 31 games coming in , and was coming off a 22 - point , 22 - rebound outing against Boston on Saturday . However , Robin Lopez showed why he 's been one of the toughest defensive centers in the league this year by limiting Drummond to only 13 points and nine boards . Detroit fell to 17 - 15 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home for a New Year 's Eve matchup versus the Timberwolves . The Knicks ' attack was spearheaded by Carmelo Anthony , who impressively overcame Morris ' shutdown defense against small forwards to tally 24 points , six rebounds , six assists and a steal . The Pistons had come into the game as the top - ranked unit against opposing threes , but Anthony displayed the pedigree that still makes him one of the most prolific scorers in the league . Three other starters joined him in double - figure scoring , with Jose Calderon ( 15 points ) , Kristaps Porzingis ( 10 points ) and Lopez ( 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists , a steal and six blocks ) making solid contributions . Derrick Williams was outstanding in pacing the Knicks ' bench with 18 points , four rebounds and an assist . New_York improved to 15 - 18 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Chicago for a New Year 's Day showdown with the Bulls .
The New_York Knicks ( 16 - 19 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 21 - 14 ) 111 - 97 on Sunday . Nothing indicated that the Knicks would be able to hold up with the Hawks with the two teams recent form , but they were able to runaway with a much needed victory . New_York shot over 50 percent from the field and dominated the rebounding margin 45 to 31 . The strange part about this results is that the Knicks were playing some of their worst basketball of the season while the Hawks seemed to be getting hot . Atlanta 's bugaboo all season has been rebounding and that bit them hard here yet again . They currently rank in the bottom - three in rebounding and they were dominated on the boards against this Knicks team . All five starters scored in double - figures , but no one scored more than 20 points . Paul Millsap was once again the best player , as he tallied 19 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and five steals in the loss . No one else on the team had more than four rebounds or four assists and that 's a bad sign for an Atlanta team that moves the ball so well . The Hawks will have a shot at the Knicks again in Atlanta on Tuesday in their next game . New_York has been struggling recently , but this team - win was a great sign . Carmelo Anthony had a great all - around line , as he amassed 11 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . He is actually assisting at one of the best rates of his career this season and it 's no surprise his team is better in the win - loss column as well . The hero on the night was Arron Afflalo , who scored a season - high 38 points on an incredible 14 - for - 17 shooting . Robin Lopez also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 16 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and two blocks . The Knicks will look to keep the momentum going against these same Hawks in Tuesday in a rematch .
The New_York Knicks ( 19 - 20 ) beat the Milwaukee Bucks ( 15 - 24 ) 100 - 88 on Sunday night . Most people would have expected the Bucks to be the better team at this point of the year , but this result shows just where these two teams are at right now . Milwaukee is one of the worst road teams in the NBA , as they are now 5 - 17 away from BMO Harris Bradley Center . What killed them here were the second and third quarters , in which they were outscored 58 - 36 . The benches were also a huge difference , as Milwaukee got just 14 points off their bench to the Knicks 28 . The Bucks continue to play bad basketball and it 's a bit concerning with their starters playing so many minutes . Greg Monroe had been struggling lately , but he played well here , as he totaled 28 points and 10 rebounds in the loss . Khris Middleton also continued his scoring ways , as he scored 20 points , but failed to stuff the stat sheet like he usually does . What really hurt was a 1 - for - 8 shooting performance from Michael Carter-Williams , who was playing some of his best ball of the season prior to this game . The Bucks will look to bounce - back on Tuesday against the Chicago Bulls in their next game . The Knicks have been one of the surprises of the NBA this season and the all - around play of Carmelo Anthony is the most surprising aspect . Anthony is approaching a career - high in assists this season and is handling the offense better than he ever has in his career . In this game , he collected 24 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists in the win . Kristaps Porzingis continued his good play too , as he scored 15 points and swatted away five shots . The five starters combined for 22 assists and that 's a great number for any team . New_York will look to keep this going against the Boston Celtics on Tuesday .
The New_York Knicks ( 20 - 20 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 19 ) 120 - 114 on Tuesday . The two division rivals played a game worthy of both clubs ' improved play this season , with a back - and - forth battle culminating in a hard - fought victory for the home team . It was a true collective effort for New_York , particularly after losing superstar Carmelo Anthony in the second half due to an ankle sprain . Several of his teammates , both starters and reserves , stepped in to help make up the scoring shortfall caused by the All-Star 's absence , and the Knicks finished the night with outstanding 53 percent shooting from the field . Boston was once again led by Isaiah Thomas , who 's become the unquestioned offensive leader of the Celtics this season and held on to this starting job despite Marcus Smart 's return to health . Thomas managed 34 points , eight assists , three rebounds and a steal . Jae Crowder tallied 21 points , eight rebounds and an assist to support Thomas ' outstanding performance . Amir Johnson ( 11 points ) and Avery Bradley ( 10 points ) were the only other starters with double - digit scoring , with the former hauling in six boards and adding two assists and a steal , and the latter tallying two rebounds and an assist . Jared Sullinger paced the Celtics ' reserves with 14 points and seven rebounds . The Celtics fell to 19 - 19 and into a second - place tie with the Knicks . They face off at home against the Pacers at home on Wednesday . 20 - year - old standout Kristaps Porzingis continued his memorable rookie campaign by leading the Knicks with 26 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals despite amassing six personal fouls over nearly 27 minutes . Arron Afflalo made his presence felt , particularly after the loss of Anthony , pouring in 24 points and adding three rebounds and an assist . Anthony was brilliant during his nearly 18 minutes on the court , collecting 17 points , four rebounds and three assists . Robin Lopez continued his recent stretch of solid offensive play , posting 15 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block . Rookie Jerian Grant stepped in as Anthony 's direct replacement and did a commendable job , finishing with 16 points , eight assists , a rebound , a steal and a block over 23 minutes . Derrick Williams , a solid fixture off the bench throughout the majority of the season , contributed a 15 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . The Knicks improved to 20 - 20 and vaulted into a second - place tie with the Celtics in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They make the short trip to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Wednesday .
The New_York Knicks ( 21 - 22 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 5 - 38 ) 119 - 113 in double overtime on Monday afternoon . Prior to the game , the Knicks received the good news that Carmelo Anthony , who missed the previous two contests with an ankle sprain , would be able to take the court . To say that his return was a mixed bag would likely be an understatement . The All-Star forward endured an extremely difficult afternoon from the field , draining only seven of his 28 attempts over six periods . One of those baskets was admittedly crucial , a 26 - foot three - point jumper with three seconds remaining that sent the game into overtime knotted at 96 . Despite the heroics in regulation however , Anthony subsequently missed all four of his attempts in the first overtime , including an 11 - foot jumper with two seconds remaining that would have sent the Knicks home winners . He did tally two points in the second and final extra period , when New_York was finally able to put away a game Sixers squad that has shown significant improvement in certain recent outings . Although he did n't lead Philadelphia in scoring , Ish Smith turned in a remarkable double - double performance with 16 points , 16 assists , seven rebounds and a pair of steals over a whopping 44 minutes . He scored half of his points over the two overtime periods , making good use of the extra opportunity . Jahlil Okafor topped the Sixers in points , tallying 20 and adding seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Nerlens Noel had an outstanding battle down low with rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis , collecting 18 points , 13 rebounds , an assist , two steals and three blocks . Robert Covington put up a modest 11 points , but three of those came on a 25 - foot shot with three seconds left in the first overtime period to knot the game up at 107 and send it into the sixth quarter . Isaiah Canaan did n't draw a second consecutive start despite a solid performance in his first crack at replacing the injured Nik Stauskas , but still paced the Philadelphia bench with 16 points , five rebounds and an assist . The Sixers fell to 5 - 38 despite the valiant effort , and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They continue their road trip in Orlando on Wednesday . Arron Afflalo led the home team 's charge with 25 points , seven rebounds and a steal . Anthony managed 19 points despite his abysmal accuracy , and added seven rebounds , seven assists and a steal . Porzingis nearly matched Noel stat - for - stat with his own remarkable double - double , tallying 16 points , 12 boards , four assists , a steal and three blocks . The impressive stat line was generated over 34 minutes , as the rookie was forced to exit the contest with 2:40 remaining in the fourth quarter due to a sore right foot . Robin Lopez joined him in posting double - digit points and rebounds , amassing 16 points and 10 boards of his own . Lance Thomas led the Knicks ' reserves with 12 points , four rebounds , two assists and a block . The Knicks improved to 21 - 22 and remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 'll be at home again on Wednesday for a date with the Utah Jazz .
The New_York Knicks ( 22 - 22 ) needed overtime to pick up a home win Wednesday night at Madison Square Garden over the Utah Jazz ( 18 - 24 ) , 118 - 111 . The Knicks came back from deficits of 11 at halftime and eight heading into the fourth quarter to take an 87 - 86 lead with 3:54 to play on a Kristaps Porzingis three - pointer . It looked like that lead would hold up until Porzingis fouled Gordon Hayward on a three - point shot up 99 - 96 with just two seconds left on the clock . Hayward hit the free throws and forced overtime , but the Knicks shot a scorching 6 - 9 from the field in the extra period to seal the win . Carmelo Anthony led all scorers with 30 points on an efficient 13 - 20 shooting from the field , and he filled up the stat sheet with nine assists and seven rebounds . The rest of the Knicks front court stepped up as well , as Robin Lopez dropped 22 points , grabbed 12 rebounds and blocked three shots and Porzingis added 16 points , five rebounds , and three blocks . Derrick Williams added 19 off the bench as the Knicks won the points in the paint battle 50 - 30 . The Jazz knocked down 12 three - pointers to keep pace with New_York 's big men , including five from Rodney Hood , who led the Jazz with 29 points and added six rebounds and five assists . Gordon Hayward poured in 27 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 10 - 10 FT ) , but nobody else managed more than 13 . The Jazz actually shot worse from two ( 25 - 59 , 42 percent ) than three ( 12 - 27 , 44 percent ) , and it was their inability to capitalize inside despite 14 offensive rebounds that cost them . The Knicks continue a homestand with a Friday contest against the Clippers . Utah remains on an east coast road trip with a Friday game at Brooklyn .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 28 - 14 ) continued their hot streak on Friday with a 116 - 88 win over the New_York Knicks ( 22 - 23 ) at Madison Square Garden . The Clippers have now won 12 of their last 14 contests , and are quickly gaining ground in a competetive Western Conference . Despite the absence of All-NBA forward Blake Griffin , Los_Angeles has been one of the winningest teams since the start of the New Year . Center DeAndre Jordan led the way for the Clippers with 20 points on a perfect 7 for 7 from the field . Despite not missing a shot , Jordan shot just 6 for 12 at the free - throw line and also failed to record a block for just the fifth time this season . Chris Paul , meanwhile , shot a questionable 6 for 15 from the field for 16 points , but recorded 13 assists and turned the ball over just twice . The Knicks struggled mightily from the field , shooting just 39 percent as a team . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis took a team - high 17 shots but made just 4 . This poor shooting performance came on the back of an outing against Utah in which the rookie fouled out . Recently-named All-Star starter Carmelo Anthony also missed the majority of his shots , hitting just 4 of 12 . Anthony recorded 16 points , four rebounds , and six assists on the night . New_York will see action again on Saturday , visiting the Charlotte Hornets . Los_Angeles will also take to the road as they face off against the Raptors on Sunday in Toronto .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 34 - 13 ) outlasted the New_York Knicks ( 22 - 25 ) in overtime Wednesday at Madison Square Garden , 128 - 122 . This was a tight one the whole way , as no team built a lead greater than five points at any point in the second half or overtime until the Thunder 's final free throws of the game with six seconds to go in the extra period . Both teams shot lights out from three - point land - - 11 of 20 for Oklahoma_City and 11 of 21 for New_York - - as both teams put on an offensive show . Kevin Durant took over the game for the Thunder , as he poured in 44 points , grabbed four rebounds and distributed five assists . He made up for his struggles inside ( 8 of 19 on two - point shots ) by drilling four three - pointers and earning trips to the free throw line ( 16 of 18 FT ) . Russell Westbrook scored 30 points and dished 10 assists for his second consecutive double - double to complete the Oklahoma city one - two punch . The Thunder won the rebounding battle 59 - 43 , including a 16 - 9 advantage on the offensive glass . With Carmelo Anthony out with a sore left knee , he top two scorers for the Knicks came off the bench , as Langston Galloway sunk four three - pointers and scored 21 points , and Derrick Williams notched a double - double with 19 points and 10 rebounds . Arron Afflalo led the starters with 17 points but had a brutal 6 - 21 shooting night . Rookie sensation kristaps Porzingis filled up the box score with 15 points , five rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal , but it was n't enough to overcome the star power of the Thunder . Oklahoma_City continues its road trip Wednesday against Minnesota . The Knicks will head to Canada for a Thursday matchup with the Raptors .
The New_York Knicks ( 23 - 26 ) defeated the visiting Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 34 ) 102 - 84 , on Friday night at Madison Square Garden . The Knicks led just about the whole way as they snapped their four - game losing streak with a decisive home win . The return of Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis sure was a big boost to the reeling Knicks squad . Melo had missed two games with a sore knee , while Porzingis was out last game with an illness . This was the Suns ' third straight loss and their ninth loss in 10 games . The Suns have now dropped their last 15 on the road and are 4 - 21 on the road this season . Melo was two assists shy of a triple - double in his return . He finished with 19 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , 10 rebounds and eight assists , along with four steals , in 30 minutes . Arron Afflalo tallied 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and three assists , in 29 minutes . Langston Galloway started in place of Jose Calderon who remains out with a sore groin . Galloway did a nice job with 11 points , seven rebounds , five assists and three steals , in 27 minutes . As a team the Knicks only gave up nine turnovers and capitalized on 23 of 26 free throws . Devin Booker has had the chance to shine lately due to some injuries on the Phoenix roster and was at it again as he finished with a game - high 21 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , along with three assists , in 26 minutes . T.J. Warren was in action despite a sore ankle . Warren finished with 12 points and two rebounds , in 19 minutes off the bench . Jordan McRae chipped in 12 points and four assists off the bench . Brandon Knight missed his sixth straight game with a sore groin . The Suns struggled shooting , hitting 41 percent from the field . They went 0 - 7 from deep in the first quarter and finished the game 7 - 26 from beyond the arc . Next the Knicks will host the Golden State Warriors on Sunday . The Suns will look to snap their unflattering streak but will be against the odds as they visit Dallas on Sunday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 44 - 4 ) destroyed the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 27 ) on their own home court on Sunday , winning 116 - 95 . For the Warriors , the win comes in the second half of a back - to - back following a near loss to the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday . Coach Steve Kerr criticized the team heavily after the game , saying that he felt they were `` fooling around '' in the third quarter . All-Star forward Draymond Green accepted the blame for the team 's season - low 35 points in the second half , admitting that he was chasing a triple - double . Ironically , Draymond secured his league - leading ninth triple - double of the season in the emphatic win over the Knicks . Green finished with 20 points , 10 rebounds , and 10 assists while shooting a perfect 9 - for - 9 from the field . Golden_State pulled away in the second quarter and never looked back , going on to outscore the Knicks 61 - 46 in the second half . The win is the Warriors ' seventh in a row , and puts the team even closer to the 1995 - 96 Bulls ' record of 72 wins . Reigning MVP Steph Curry , meanwhile , had an uncharacteristic poor shooting night . The point guard went just 5 - for - 17 from the field , while also hitting just 3 of 11 shots from behind the three - point arc . Curry also finished below his season averages in rebounds and assists , notching just four of each . Fellow `` splash brother '' Klay Thompson , however , took the reigns of the offense , leading the team with 34 points on 14 - for - 18 shooting and 5 - for - 6 from three - point territory . On the Knicks ' end , however , shots simply could not fall . While superstar Carmelo Anthony poured in 24 points and shot a respectable 8 - for - 18 , no other player scored more than 14 and the team shot just 37 percent on the night . Defensively , New_York was able to force 18 turnovers ; however , the team simply could not contest Golden_State 's red - hot perimeter shooters , as they allowed 58 percent of their opponents ' shots to fall . The Knicks saw a 16 - 6 disadvantage in terms of three - pointers made , and shot 22 percent worse than their opponents from deep . The Knicks will visit the TD Garden on Tuesday night to take on their divisional rival , the Boston Celtics . Meanwhile , the Warriors visit the Washington Wizards on Wednesday before a marquee matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Saturday .
The Boston Celtics ( 28 - 22 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 28 ) 97 - 89 on Tuesday . Boston came into Tuesday 's contest off a difficult road loss to the Magic on Sunday , in which they gave up an uncharacteristic 119 points . Jae Crowder also entered the night nursing a bruised shin suffered in that contest , a particularly concerning development given that he would be charged with defending Carmelo Anthony . However , Crowder gutted it out and Isaiah Thomas rose to the occasion alongside him , as both players were the only starters with double - digit points . The paltry production from the rest of the first unit was offset by a prolific night from the reserves , who notably scored 47 points and had three players reach double figures in scoring . The Celtics were also highly efficient near the basket in securing the win , outscoring the Knicks in the paint by the sizable margin of 58 - 28 . The visitors were led by Thomas ' 20 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , five rebounds and a steal . Crowder was right behind him with 16 points , five rebounds and a steal . Tyler Zeller was the surprise of the evening off the bench , posting his first double - double in over a year . He tallied 16 points as well , along with 10 rebounds and a steal . Seven of the boards came on the offensive glass , giving Boston some key second - chance possessions . Evan Turner was a bit overshadowed by Zeller 's rare feat , but he put together his own 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and a trio of steals . Not to be outdone , Kelly Olynyk supplied 13 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block in what was a remarkable outing for Boston 's back - up centers . The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're back home on Wednesday to take on the Pistons . The Knicks received particularly productive efforts from three members of the starting five , beginning with Arron Afflalo , who amassed 18 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . Robin Lopez was outstanding down low against a vulnerable Celtics frontcourt , tallying 17 points , 13 rebounds ( equaling a season high ) , two assists and three blocks . Anthony was a force throughout the contest , collecting 16 points , hauling in 14 boards and dishing out four assists . Kristaps Porzingis could not exactly duplicate the considerable success he 'd enjoyed in his first two career meetings with Boston , but did contribute 10 points , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Even Langston Galloway , who received another start in place of the ailing Jose Calderon and could only pitch in a single point , managed to haul in nine rebounds and dish out a pair of assists . Veteran sharpshooter Sasha Vujacic paced the New_York reserves with his third double - digit scoring effort in the last four contests , totaling 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Detroit for a Thursday showdown against the Pistons .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 30 - 20 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 30 ) 91 - 85 on Friday . The Knicks found out before the contest that they would be significantly short - handed at small forward , with both Lance Thomas and Carmelo Anthony bowing out of the game with a concussion and sore knee , respectively . New_York was neverthless ready to give the Grizzlies a battle , and saw two previously slumping players step to the forefront in the effort . Rookie Kristaps Porzingis , who 'd been going through a difficult stretch over the last several games , bounced back with a double - double , while veteran Jose Calderon equaled his second - best scoring total of the season in his second game back from a groin ailment . Despite the valiant effort , New_York was unable to muster enough offense in Anthony 's absence to keep up with Memphis , as they shot 38 percent from the field overall . Memphis ' top two scorers came from the second unit . Jeff Green led the way by pouring in 16 points , along with five rebounds , two assists and a steal in 29 minutes . Matt Barnes was close behind with 12 points of his own , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The frontcourt tandem of Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph were close behind with a pair of 10 - point efforts . Gasol also posted seven rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block , while Randolph pitched in with four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Mike Conley managed a near double - double , supplying eight points , dishing out nine assists , and adding a pair of rebounds and a steal . The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to take on the Mavericks on Saturday . Calderon spearheaded the Knicks ' attack with 18 points , which he complemented with eight rebounds , five assists and a steal . Porzingis ' aforementioned double - double consisted of 17 points , 10 boards and six of his trademark blocks . Arron Afflalo had a productive night himself with 14 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists . Veteran sharpshooter Sasha Vujacic paced the reserves with 10 points , four rebounds and an assist . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Sunday to tangle with the Denver Nuggets .
The Denver Nuggets ( 21 - 31 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 31 ) 101 - 96 at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . Carmelo Anthony ( knee ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday’s game against the Memphis Grizzlies with knee soreness , but it was not enough to give the Knicks a needed spark , as they now own a five game losing streak . Anthony finished with 21 points , six rebounds and seven assists on 7 - of - 19 shooting in just under 35 minutes , but it was not the scoring output they needed to break New_York out of a slump . Kristaps Porzingis struggled early , only completing two of his first nine attempts from the floor , and was a major part of Denver storming out to an eleven point lead at the end of the first quarter . Porzingis did finish strong on the shooting end to salvage what was close to his worst shooting performance of the season , as the lanky rookie scored 21 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting , to go along with 13 rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Langston Galloway went back to his bench role as Derek Fisher did not go with a three guard lineup with Anthony returning to the small forward slot , but Galloway still saw 20 minutes of game time and finished with six points , as both buckets came from behind the arc . The Knicks will look to end their skid when they host the Washington Wizards ( 22 - 27 ) on Tuesday . The Nuggets did not have a player score more than 20 points in the game , but their unselfish style of play lent way to an early first half lead and strong fourth quarter finish . Denver’s only bad quarter came in the third quarter , where some tough shots just did not fall . Danilo Gallinari and Will Barton led the Nuggets with 19 points each , but rookie point guard Emmanuel Mudiay has been playing very well since returning from injury and it is beginning to have a great impact on the team . Mudiay is coming off a 22 point performance against the Bulls on Friday , and added 19 points on Friday , to go along with four rebounds and nine assists . The young Nuggets squad started another rookie alongside Mudiay , center Nikola Jokic , who scored 13 points and grabbed six rebounds in 18 minutes . Denver was able to coast to a win in the waning minutes of the fourth quarter , doing most of their damage from the free throw line to consistently keep the Knicks out of reach . The Nuggets will play a back - to - back and hop from Manhattan to Brooklyn to take on the Brooklyn Nets ( 13 - 39 ) on Monday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 37 - 18 ) defeated the host New_York Knicks ( 24 - 34 ) 122 - 95 , on Monday night at Madison Square Garden . This was a big win for the Raptors , who have now bounced back from a two game losing streak by winning two straight . After a close first quarter that finished with the Knicks up by two , Toronto blew the game open with a 31 - 15 second quarter , putting the Raptors up 57 - 43 going into the half . Toronto closed out the second half strong , hanging on to the lead the whole way . The Raptors have now won 16 of their last 19 , while the Knicks have lost 12 of their last 14 . With this win DeMar DeRozan passed Chris Bosh and Morris Peterson to become the player with the most wins in a Raptors uniform . The Raptors have done well to keep opponents to an average of 98 points per game this season , and after a couple of sloppy performances surrounding the All-Star break , proved that they are back in their defensive groove as they held the Knicks to 95 points . They also scored a season high 122 points , thanks to 52 percent shooting from the field and 11 - of - 25 shooting from long range . Kyle Lowry notched a triple - double with 22 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , 11 assists and 11 rebounds , in 35 minutes . DeMar DeRozan added another 22 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) from Toronto 's starting back court , along with three rebounds , three steals and two assists , in 31 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas was solid in the middle , with 20 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and three blocked shots , in 25 minutes . The Knicks struggled to find a rhythm against the pesky Toronto defense . They shot 44 percent from the field , only 6 - for - 20 from downtown and missed eight free throws . Carmelo Anthony led the Knicks in scoring with 23 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 10 FT ) , along with 11 rebounds and five assists , in 37 minutes . Robin Lopez posed a bit of a problem for the Raptors as he poured in 21 points ( 10 - 14 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) , along with 13 rebounds , in 28 minutes . Kristaps Porzingis added 17 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 6 FT ) and two rebounds , in 32 minutes . With this loss the Knicks are now 14 - 16 at home . Next , the Knicks will play in Indiana on Wednesday . The Raptors will host the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 33 - 26 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 25 - 36 ) 98 - 81 on Sunday . No matter the circumstances , the Heat just seems to have the Knicks ' number this season . Having already limited New_York to a pair of 78 - point outputs in two late November contests , Miami was at it again Sunday . The Heat held New_York to its second lowest scoring total of the season in the defeat , and also welcomed their latest acquisition , Joe Johnson . The home squad wasted no time getting the 15 - year veteran acclimated , inserting him into the starting lineup in his first game in a Miami uniform . Johnson responded well to the opportunity , collecting 12 points , three rebounds and three assists over 30 minutes of action , and notably draining a three - pointer with his first shot of the night . The Knicks also had a change to their starting lineup , albeit a temporary one . Arron Afflalo was given the night off to heal a bruised thigh , and Langston Galloway stepped into the starting five in his stead . Despite his team 's overall paltry offensive output , Carmelo Anthony did manage to tally 25 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a block in spearheading the New_York offensive attack . Robin Lopez was solid as well , posting a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a trio of rejections . Kristaps Porzingis was the only other starter that approached double - digit scoring , as he amassed nine points , eight boards , an assist and four blocks . Lance Thomas paced the bench with 12 points , which he complemented with three rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Knicks retain a hold of third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are now six and a half games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They 're home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday evening . Miami received a vintage effort from Dwyane Wade , who managed 26 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals . Hassan Whiteside followed with a 16 - point , 11 - rebound effort off the bench over 26 minutes . He also provided solid defense in the form of a trio steals and a pair of blocks . Luol Deng continued his solid stretch of play with 15 points , seven boards , two assists and a steal . Goran Dragic compiled 13 points , six assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Amar'e Stoudemire offered eight points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block against his former New_York teammates . With the victory , the Heat are atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and currently hold the fourth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again on Tuesday , when they 'll face off with the Chicago Bulls .
The New_York Knicks ( 26 - 38 ) defeated the visiting Detroit Pistons ( 31 - 31 ) 102 - 89 , Saturday night at Madison Square Garden . The reeling Knicks seemed rejuvenated as they showed a complete game and strong finish against a formidable Detroit squad . The Knicks had three players score 20 or more points in the same game for the first time this season and shot a blistering 53 percent from the field as a team . New_York 's offense however was not all that won the game as its defense held the Pistons to only 39 percent shooting from the field and 6 - 26 from downtown . The Knicks improve to 16 - 18 at home this season , where they are fairing well compared to their 10 - 20 road record . Carmelo Anthony was stellar as he led New_York in points , rebounds and assists . Melo finished with 24 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , 10 rebounds and six assists , in 41 minutes . Robin Lopez tallied 21 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) , nine rebounds , two assists and a block , in 32 minutes , while Arron Afflalo chipped in another 20 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3PT , 1 - 2 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and three assists , in 42 minutes . The Knicks were missing Kristaps Porzingis , who sat out with a lower leg contusion . The Pistons have now lost two in a row after winning their previous four games , and with this loss risk losing their grip on the eighth spot in the East . Meanwhile , Andre Drummond was a beast inside , finishing with 21 points and 16 rebounds , in 36 minutes . Tobias Harris and Steve Blake were the only other PIstons to score in double digits . Harris chipped in 18 points , along with eight rebounds , in 36 minutes , while Steve Blake added 13 points , four rebounds and two assists , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Pistons finished the game with only 13 assists , as they failed to conduct any kind of offensive rhythm . Next , Detroit hosts the Trail Blazers on Sunday . The Knicks will have a couple of days off before getting back in action on Tuesday in Denver .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 52 - 21 ) defeated the host New_York Knicks ( 30 - 44 ) 107 - 93 , Saturday evening at Madison Square Garden . Coming off an embarrassing loss to Brooklyn and despite missing Kyrie Irving ( rest ) , the Cavs came into this game focused and ready to play . Cleveland led the whole way , after building a substantial 56 - 32 lead by halftime . The Knicks came into the second half a lot stronger , out - scoring the Cavs 61 - 51 , but it was still not enough to get within striking distance , as Cleveland would not relent . LeBron James notched a triple - double as he took over most of the ball handling duties , due to the absence of Kyrie . James totaled 27 points , 11 rebounds , 10 assists , two blocked shots and one steal , in 36 minutes of action . Kevin Love also stepped up , finishing with 28 points , 12 rebounds and two assists , in 34 minutes . The Cavs did an excellent job rebounding and held New_York to only 42 percent shooting , from the field . Carmelo Anthony was up for the challenge , as he led his squad with 28 points , nine rebounds , two steals and one assist , in 39 minutes . Kristaps Porzingis followed up his big game with another strong performance , with 19 points , six rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 40 minutes . Derrick Williams was the only other Knicks player to score in double digits . Williams chipped in 11 points , along with eight rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 24 minutes off the bench . Next , the Knicks will visit New Orleans to face - off against the Pelicans on Monday . The Cavaliers will host the Rockets on Tuesday .
The New_York Knicks ( 31 - 46 ) took down the neighboring Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 55 ) at Madison Square Garden on Friday night , 105 - 91 . Both teams sit firmly out of the playoffs and neither owns its own pick in the 2016 draft , making Friday 's matchup fairly inconsequential for both teams in the grand scheme of things . However , Madison Square Garden saw a hard - fought game with big performances from young players on both sides . For the Knicks , rookie Jerian Grant took the reigns as a starter and rolled with them , scoring 14 points and dishing out four assists while commiting just two turnovers . While lottery pick Kristaps Porzingis sat out with a shoulder injury , the team saw promise in the form of Grant 's command of the floor . Guard Langston Galloway also had a big night off the bench , contributing a team - high 18 points as well as seven assists and six rebounds . For the Nets , meanwhile , young power forward Thomas Robinson exploded for a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . With no Thaddeus Young , the youngster showed promise on both ends , also nabbing five steals on the defensive side of things . Ultimately , however , the Nets shot just a dismal 36 percent from the field and an even more paltry 17 percent from beyond the arc . The team remains fourteenth in the East with almost no chance of upping its standing before the season 's end . Brooklyn will host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday , while New_York will play host to the Indiana Pacers .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 45 - 33 ) took care of the New_York Knicks ( 31 - 48 ) in a 111 - 97 win on Wednesday . The talent discrepancy in this game was truly decisive , as the Hornets cruised to an easy win . Despite being outshot and outrebounded , Charlotte huckered down and capitalized on New_York 's mistakes . In fact , the Knicks committed 18 turnovers to the Hornets eight . Kemba Walker was back in the building that made him famous and he had another stellar performance . Walker finished the game with 34 points , while hitting a career - high seven three - pointers . Al Jefferson had one of his best games of the season off the bench , as he scored 24 points and grabbed eight boards . Up next is a matchup with the Brooklyn Nets on Friday . The Knicks had six players in double figures , but it wasn’t enough to escape with a win . Derrick Williams led the team with 17 points and also snatched down 10 boards . Carmelo Anthony accumulated 15 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the loss . On deck is a matchup with the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 54 - 26 ) defeated the host New_York Knicks ( 32 - 49 ) 93 - 89 , earning a franchise - best 23rd road win , Sunday evening at Madison Square Garden . More Raptors history was made as DeMar DeRozan passed Vince Carter to become second on the Raptors ' all - time scoring list . DeRozan finished with a game - high 27 points , on fantastic 12 - 17 shooting . The Knicks put up quite a fight and made it a close game right down to the wire , but DeRozan and the Raptors would not be stopped , as they continue to push their franchise - best win total to new heights . The Raptors shot 47 percent from the field and 35 percent from long range , as they held off the relentless Knicks . Kyle Lowry followed up DeRozan 's 27 points , with 15 of his own , along with seven assists and two steals , in 32 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas finished with 14 points , seven rebounds , three blocked shots and two assists , in 28 minutes , while Terrence Ross chipped in 13 points , in 21 minutes off the bench . The Raptors did well to only give up seven turnovers in the game . The Knicks had a tough night shooting the ball , hitting 36 percent of their field goal attempts and 35 percent from long range . Carmelo Anthony finished with a team - high 21 points , along with six rebounds and three assists . Jerian Grant added 19 points , along with three rebounds , three steals and one assist , in 38 minutes , while Sasha Vujacic finished with 13 points , eight rebounds , one assist and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes . The Knicks were missing Jose Calderon ( quadriceps ) and Kristaps Porzingis ( shoulder ) . Next , the Knicks will finish up their season with a game in Indiana , on Tuesday . The Raptors host the 76ers on Tuesday , in their last home game of the season .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 112 - 111 ) overcame a double - digit deficit on the road Wednesday to defeat the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 0 - 1 ) 112 - 111 . Following an ill - advised shot from Kevin Martin with eight seconds remaining in the final period and the Timberwolves up one , the Lakers had one final shot to win with just four seconds remaining . Kobe Bryant inbounded the ball to Lou Williams , who drove to the basket off a Julius Randle screen , but the floater hit the back of the rim and popped out and Minnesota managed to escape . The Timberwolves were lead by an incredible performance from Ricky Rubio , who finished with 28 points and 14 rebounds in 32 minutes . The point guard managed to effectively shoot the ball from the field and find his teammates throughout Wednesday’s contest . He also went turnover free for the first three quarters of the game . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double in his NBA regular season debut , as he finished with 14 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes . Last year’s Rookie of the Year Andrew Wiggins struggled to start the season , shooting just 2 - of - 10 from the field and finishing with nine points in 29 minutes . Kevin Martin managed to make up for Wiggins’s struggles , as he scored 23 points in 29 minutes in his new role off the bench . Kobe Bryant’s return to the court was highlighted by inefficiency , as while the Mamba scored a team - high 24 points , he shot just 8 - of - 24 from the field and 3 - of - 13 from three . The Lakers’ frontcourt , however , put together an impressive performance , as both Roy Hubert and Julius Randle recorded double - doubles in points and rebounds . Rookie D’Angelo Russell struggled in his realgar season debut , recording just four points and two assists in 26 minutes . Up next , the Timberwolves will travel to Denver Friday to take on the Nuggets , while the Lakers will head to Sacramento Friday and go up against the Kings .
The Denver Nuggets ( 2 - 2 ) beat the Los Angles Lakers ( 0 - 4 ) 120 - 109 on Tuesday at the Staples Center . The Nuggets pulled off an unlikely feat Tuesday , by beating the Lakers for the fifth straight game at the Staples Center . That probably says more about where the Lakers are at this point more than the Nuggets , as the Lakers are still winless a week into the season . The referees may need to get new whistles after this game as well , as there were 53 combined fouls and 69 combined free - throw attempts Tuesday . Denver has really struggled over their last two games , suffering blowouts to the Minnesota Timberwolves and Oklahoma City Thunder , but showed up here against the hapless Lakers . The Nuggets got some great performances from their big men , as Kenneth Faried finished with 29 points and 15 boards , while fill - in J.J. Hickson tallied 17 points and seven rebounds . Those two also shot 18 - for - 21 from the field and had a lot of help from rookie Emmanuel Muiday , who recorded his first career double - double with 12 points and 10 assists . The biggest discrepancy in the stat line was that the Nuggets out - assisted the Lakers 30 - 18 and shot over 50 percent from the field . Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the Utah Jazz ( 2 - 1 ) on Thursday . The Lakers continue to struggle , as the defense is clearly one of the worst in the NBA . They are currently allowing about 117 points per game , which easily ranks near the bottom of the league . They did , however , have some nice offensive performances from Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson in this loss . Williams scored 24 points off the bench while going 16 - of - 19 from the free - throw line , and Clarkson tied a career - high with 30 points in the loss . Things aren’t going to get much easier for the Lakers though , as 16 of their next 20 games are on the road . They start that stretch by traveling to Brooklyn ( 0 - 4 ) on Friday in a battle of winless teams .
The Toronto Raptors ( 8 - 6 ) beat the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 10 ) 102 - 91 at Staples Center on Friday . Kyle Lowry commanded the floor and led the Raptors to a strong team win , providing 25 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in the all around impressive performance . The de facto leader of the north , Lowry shot lights out from the 3 - point line , draining 7 - of - 11 shots from deep . Shooting guard DeMar DeRozan added 18 points , four rebounds and two assists on 5 - of - 12 shooting , The Raptors shot efficiently from deep , tallying 15 3 - pointers on 45 percent shooting . The Lakers struggles continued and a frustrated Kobe Bryant looked to get his seemingly motionless team to spread the floor , but the effort did not come to fruition . Bryant finished with 10 points , four rebounds and five assists on 5 - for - 13 shooting from the field and led the team with 37 minutes played . The Lakers flashed some signs of optimism , with sophomore Julius Randle finishing with 18 points and 12 rebounds , which completed his third double - double of the season . D’Angelo Russell played 33 minutes , the most of his young rookie season so far and contributed 17 points , five rebounds and two assists on on 7 - of - 16 shooting . The Lakers were not as fortunate from the 3 - point line , finishing 8 - for - 25 from deep , which proved to be the difference maker down the stretch for the Raptors . The Staples Center will be busy on Sunday , with the Raptors facing the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 6 ) in the matinee , and the Lakers hosting the Portland Trail Blazers ( 5 - 9 ) at night .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 6 - 9 ) beat the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 11 ) 107 - 93 at Staples Center on Sunday . Damian Lillard led all scorers with 30 points , to go along with six rebounds and 13 assists , as the Blazers cruised in transition and the dominated the paint throughout the night . Lillard ranks sixth in scoring in the NBA , and the Lakers had no way of slowing down the explosive point guard . C.J. McCollum continues to thrive in Terry Stotts ' offense and finished with 19 points , four rebounds and five assists on 8 - for - 13 shooting . Mason Plumlee added a double - double , tallying 17 points and 11 rebounds . Through 13 games , the Lakers poor trend of shooting and shot selection arises each time they take the floor . Kobe Bryant and Lou Williams see a majority of isolation plays , but neither shooter is scoring at an efficient rate . Bryant finished with 18 points on 6 - for - 22 shooting , including trouble behind the arc ( 0 - for - 5 ) , in 31 minutes played . D’Angelo Russell rounded out the stat sheet , but struggled to find his shot in the second half , as he contributed 13 points , nine rebounds and six assists . The Lakers rank in the bottom tier of defensive efficiency and are getting torched in transition on a regular basis . Roy Hibbert has protected the rim and finished with four blocks , in addition to seven points and eight rebounds , but his pace is not aiding the Lakers defensive woes . The Lakers head north on Tuesday , where the undefeated Golden State Warriors ( 150 ) await their arrival , one game away from making NBA history . The Trail_Blazers also play on Tuesday , where they will host the Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 4 ) .
The Houston Rockets ( 13 - 14 ) took down the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 22 ) by a 107 - 87 final Thursday night at the Staples Center . The Rockets nailed five three - pointers in the first quarter to jump out to a 29 - 18 lead after the first frame . They would hold that lead for the entire game , as the Lakers were never closer than six points down in the second half . James Harden’s 25 points led all scorers despite a rough shooting night ( 7 - 24 field goals , 2 - 9 three - pointers ) , and he added six assists and six rebounds . Clint Capela ( 10 points , 12 rebounds ) and Dwight Howard ( 16 points , 15 rebounds ) both recorded double - doubles out of the Houston front court . Houston’s size advantage was a factor all game long , as the Rockets pulled down a ridiculous 23 offensive rebounds , over 40 percent of their missed shots on the offensive end . The Lakers weren’t competitive despite one of Kobe Bryant’s most effective games of the season , as he scored a team - high 22 points on 9 - 16 shooting and added eight rebounds . Julius Randle was active off the bench , scoring 18 points ( 6 - 15 shooting ) and grabbing 10 rebounds . The Lakers couldn’t shoot themselves out of their early deficit , as they went just 5 - 24 from three - point land as a team . The Lakers have lost seven of eight and will face a difficult test in their next contest Sunday in Oklahoma City . Houston ended a two - game losing streak with Thursday’s victory and will look to make it a winning streak Sunday at home against the Clippers .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 20 - 9 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 24 ) 120 - 85 on Wednesday . Kobe Bryant was far from his vintage self , scoring only two points in the second half of the game , and finished with 19 points , three assists and one rebound on 7 - of - 22 shooting . Bryant and Thunder forward Kevin Durant looked to be enjoying their matchup , but Durant got the better of five time NBA champion in the blowout win . The Lakers were without sophomore forward Julius Randle ( ankle ) and started Larry Nance Jr in his place . Nance contributed a lowly four points and five rebounds in the losing effort . Rookie point guard D’Angelo Russell added 18 points off the bench and outscored starting guard Jordan Clarkson , who finished with 10 points , six rebounds and two assists . The Lakers shot their way out of the game from the very beginning of the second half , completing just 36 percent of their field goals and going 7 - of - 25 from the 3 - point line . The Thunder were led by Russell Westbrook , who threw down two highlight worthy dunks on his way to 23 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Kevin Durant added 21 points of his own , to go along with seven rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 9 shooting . Serge Ibaka , Andre Roberson and Enes Kanter all finished in double figures alongside Westbrook and Durant . Billy Donovan used all 13 of his players , and every player was able to convert a bucket . Oklahoma_City shot 53 percent from the field and cruised to an easy victory at the Staples Center . Both teams play on Christmas Day , with the Thunder hosting the Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 11 ) , while the Lakers entertain the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 15 - 13 ) .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 17 - 13 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 25 ) 94 - 84 on Friday night in a Christmas Day showdown . This game seemed well out of hand to start the fourth quarter , but the Lakers made a late run to give fans some hope . They still fell short , but they cut a 28 - point lead to eight points with about three minutes left . The look on Doc Rivers face would not indicate a double - digit win and he feels lucky to escape with a win . The Lakers actually outscored the Clippers 27 - 9 in the final 12 minutes , and they would have won if they didn’t get down by so much through the first three quarters . The Clippers played fantastic for the first three quarters , but let down in a big way to let the Lakers backups back in the game . The win isn’t going to look good in filmroom tomorrow , but a win is a win and they needed it . Chris Paul was back to his old form , as he tallied 23 points , five rebounds , and six assists in the win . Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan also did a good job of controlling the post , as they totaled 22 points , 26 rebounds and eight assists . The bench were the ones who struggled , as they allowed the Lakers to climb back into the game . The Clippers will travel to Salt Lake City on Saturday to take on the Utah Jazz in their next game . No Lakers starter scored more than 12 points and they really wouldn’t have been in this game if it weren’t for their bench . Julius Randle and D'Angelo Russell combined for 27 points , 15 rebounds and five steals to nearly bring the Lakers back from a 28 - point deficit . Kobe Bryant hit three three - pointers in this game and set a record for the most three 's made by anyone on Christmas . This wasn’t a pretty performance by the Lakers , but it 's a promising sign to see their youngsters bring them back and show some resiliency . They 'll look to build on this when they take on the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 7 - 27 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 3 - 32 ) 93 - 84 on Friday night . In a battle of the two worst teams in the NBA , the less worse team prevailed . Philly 's first win of the season came against the Lakers and it was evident Los_Angeles wanted to return the favor in their home building . They played some of the best defense they 've played all season , as they allowed just 84 points on 37 percent shooting . They also dominated the turnover battle , as the Sixers committed 16 turnovers while the Lakers committed just 10 . Both teams shot under 38 percent from the field and they shot a combined 9 - for - 40 from long distance for an atrocious 23 percent . The Sixers have been a revived team recently , but couldn’t muster up much here . The worst offense in the NBA showed it 's true colors tonight and couldn’t get anything going . The only player who played well was Nerlens Noel , who tallied 15 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks in the loss . T.J. McConnell also had a solid game off the bench , as he amassed 12 points , seven assists and four rebounds . Jahlil Okafor came off the bench here once again and it may be time to re - insert him into the starting - five , considering he is the best offensive player on this team . The Sixers will have a tough task on Saturday , as they 'll have to play the Los_Angeles Clippers in the second half of a back - to - back set . The Lakers played this game without Kobe Bryant and it was one of their best games of the season . The bench brought in some great energy , as all four players grabbed at least three rebounds and combined for an impressive 10 steals . Lou Williams was the star of the night though , as he contributed 24 points , five assists and four rebounds in the win . Larry Nance Jr. also had a nice game , as he set a career - high with 14 rebounds in the victory . This isn’t a great win by any means , but it 's definitely something for them to build off of going forward . The Lakers will take on the Phoenix suns on Sunday in their next game .
The Utah Jazz ( 17 - 20 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 31 ) 86 - 74 at Staples Center on Sunday . The Jazz earned a low scoring road win to improve to 6 - 12 while traveling on the season , behind quality shooting from Gordon Hayward , and the growing health of returning players Rudy Gobert and Rodney Hood ( ankle ) . Hood was questionable entering the contest , but got the starting shooting guard nod and increased the depth that Utah has desperately needed throughout the year . Rudy Gobert returned against the Heat on Saturday and was efficient on both ends of the floor in 30 minutes of play . The “Stifle Tower” blocked three shots and grabbed five rebounds , to go along with 10 points on 3 - of - 3 shooting against the Lakers in his second game back on Sunday . Heyward led all scorers 25 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting , and matched Gobert with three blocked shots of his own . Derrick Favors ( back ) missed his 10th consecutive game , but the outlook is positive , as he will look to make a return on Wednesday against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Lakers were without D’Angelo Russell ( ankle ) , Kobe Bryant ( achilles ) and Brandon Bass ( eye ) and the resulting sparsity in depth , combined with an atrocious 33 percent shooting from the field , cost them another game at home . Lou Williams started alongside Jordan Clarkson , but was not able to rekindle his magical 44 point performance that happened against the Thunder on Friday . In fact , Williams struggled to get any 3 - point shot to fall and finished with 18 points on 1 - of - 8 shooting from deep . His total was good enough to lead the Lakers in scoring , but the bigger picture problem was reliant on Los_Angeles having nobody to turn to when the streaky Williams could not find a rhythm . Jordan Clarkson attacked the rim , but was not getting any luck on that front and finished with 14 points . The backcourt is not entirely to blame , as the aforementioned injuries were the real issue in the game . Julius Randle pitched in 11 points and seven rebounds in 26 minutes , starting forward Larry Nance Jr. added 10 points , while Roy Hibbert and Andrew Brown failed to reach double figures . The Jazz will head north and visit the Portland Trail Blazers ( 16 - 24 ) on Wednesday , while the Lakers will host the New Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 25 ) on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 31 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 26 ) 95 - 91 on Tuesday night . In a battle between two horrible defenses , the offenses really struggled . The two teams combined for just 79 points in the first half and shot horrendously . The Pelicans actually outshot the Lakers 42 percent to 37 percent in the game , but fouled far too often . The Lakers got to the free - throw line 32 times while the Pelicans got there just 14 times . The three - point shooting was horrible all - around , as the two teams combined to go 12 - for - 52 from long distance . What won it for the Lakers was a 28 - point fourth quarter in which they trailed by four heading in . New_Orleans had to play this game without Anthony Davis and they clearly miss him when he 's not in the lineup . They are now 0 - 5 without Davis starting and the offense simply looks bad without him . Six players scored in double - figures for New_Orleans tonight , but the other four players who appeared combined for just six points . Tyreke Evans was once again the best player , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and four assists , despite missing two three 's late that ended up being huge . The Pelicans will have to play on Wednesday in their next game in a back - to - back against the Sacramento Kings . The Lakers have been playing better ball as of late and this result shows why . The defense has taken a complete 180 over recent weeks and this marks the fourth time in their last seven games where they have allowed 97 or less points . Kobe Bryant was dealing with Achilles soreness coming in and failed to return after the half due to a recurrence of the injury . Lou Williams has been the best player over recent weeks for the Lakers and he was here once again , as he finished with 19 points , eight assists and four rebounds . He went 10 - for - 10 from the free - throw line and Williams has been making a living from there all season long . Jordan Clarkson hadn’t scored for the first 20 minutes or so of this game , but ended up finishing with 18 points and seven boards in a great second half . Los_Angeles will need to keep playing well in their next game , when they travel to Oakland to take on the Golden State Warriors on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets ( 22 - 20 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 34 ) 112 - 95 at Staples Center on Sunday . James Harden came into the contest as the NBA’s second leading scorer with 28 point per game and exceeded his yearly mark to lead all scorers with 31 points , to go along with three rebounds and five assists . While 31 points is not breaking news , it is impressive that Harden did it in just over 27 minutes of play and on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Dwight Howard and Clint Capela dominated the glass , and proved to be far too much for the Lakers frontcourt to handle , as both bigs combined for 26 rebounds alongside 14 points each . The rebounding battle , 51 - 36 , was heavily in favor of Houston , who disallowed the Lakers to keep most offensive possessions alive , after holding the young opposition to just three offensive rebounds . Ty Lawson , Marcus Thornton and Montrezl Harrell provided double figures off the bench and saw increased minutes in the fourth quarter , after the Rockets were comfortably ahead by 20 points throughout most of the second half . The Rockets will stay in Los_Angeles and face the Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) in the second game of a back - to - back on Monday . The Lakers were handed another loss and the 10 win mark of the season continues to be an uphill battle . Coming off a loss to the Utah Jazz on Saturday , the Lakers improved upon their shot selection , as seen by 45 percent shooting as a unit . Los_Angeles entered the half down only three points , but the same storyline troubles the team : youth , inexperience and rebounding . Julius Randle seems to be busting out of his slump and pitched in a double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds in 26 minutes , however , he did lose the matchup with Clint Capela , who beat Randle with speed and strength on the glass . Kobe Bryant played more of a point guard oriented role , scoring five points on five shots while dishing out nine assists . Most of Randle’s baskets were easy handoffs from Bryant as he would storm the lane , draw the double team , and find his sophomore forward waiting patiently for an easy dunk . Lou Williams shot more efficiently en route to a second straight 20 points performance and Jordan Clarkson rounded out the stat sheet with 16 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Lakers will host the Sacramento Kings ( 17 - 23 ) on Wednesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 18 - 23 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 35 ) 112 - 93 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Kings improved to 6 - 4 over their last 10 games , as DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo continue to mesh in coach George Karl’s system . While the Kings are still five games under .500 on the season , they are still in playoff contention and trail the Trail Blazers by two games for the 8 - seed in the Western Conference . DeMarcus Cousins was an unstoppable force in the win , as the Lakers had no way of matching up against him . Cousins finished with 36 points , 16 rebounds and five assists on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Many of Cousins buckets came off of Rajon Rondo’s supreme court vision , in which the point guard dished out a whopping 17 assists . The Kentucky product is back on form halfway through the season after a mishap in Dallas last year , and over his last 10 games , Rondo is averaging 12 assists . Sacramento was efficient from the midrange and in the restricted area as shown by their 48 percent shooting as a unit . The Kings will host the Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 17 ) on Thursday . The Lakers woes continued as they fell short of grabbing their 10th win of the season and are now owners of a four game losing streak . While they were able to improve upon their shot selection , the shots simply did not fall in their favor . Roy Hibbert was ineffective as a rim protector when matched up against Cousins , but he is not the only Lakers player to blame , considering Cousins trucked everybody in his path . Kobe Bryant ( achilles ) played 31 minutes in front of the hometown crowd , and as we are inching closer and closer to a Kobe-less Lakers , the precious moments of a truly great player become a little more heartwarming , or sickening , depending on how you look at it . Bryant scored 15 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting , while the backcourt duo of Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell combined for 28 points and six assists . It was rewarding to see D’Angelo Russell run the offense for most of the 3rd quarter , and maybe Byron Scott will lean towards developing the youth more and focusing on Kobe a little less . Brandon Bass had one of his better games of the season and contributed 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench . The Lakers will look to bust out of their slump when they host the San Antonio Spurs ( 36 - 6 ) on Friday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 38 - 6 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 36 ) 108 - 95 on Friday night . This used to be a marquee matchup in years past , but these franchises are going in different directions right now . Not only did this extend a winning streak to 13 games for the Spurs , it gave the Lakers their eighth loss in their last nine games . San_Antonio just papercut this Lakers team to death , as they never went on any huge runs , but won the first three quarters by a combined 16 points . It was good old Spurs basketball that won them the game here , as they committed just six turnovers while dishing out 26 assists . They also held the Lakers to just 40 percent shooting for the majority of the game , before letting up late with bench players playing garbage time . A total of 13 players played in this game for the Spurs and it marked yet another easy win for the most dominant team in basketball right now . The bench combined for 56 points , which has been a regular occurrence considering they rank first in bench points and bench minutes this season . Manu Ginobili was spectacular tonight off the bench , as he tallied 20 points , four rebounds , four assists , five steals and two blocks in a renaissance performance in just 19 minutes of action . Kawhi Leonard also had a nice game , as he totaled 18 points , four rebounds , two steals and three blocks in another defensive showcase . Nobody on the team played more than 23 minutes aside from Leonard and that 's just what Gregg Popovich wanted in the back end of a back - to - back set . Up next is one of the games of the season , as the Spurs take on the Golden State Warriors on Monday . Times are tough in La-La Land right now and this expected blowout ended up playing out just as people anticipated . It wasn’t for a lack of effort though , as the team didn’t lose any individual quarter by double - digits . Kobe Bryant had to deal with Kawhi Leonard defense , which is downright cruel in his farewell season , as he went 2 - for - 9 from the field to score just five points . Every other starter actually scored in double - figures , with Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson leading the starters with 16 points a piece . Julius Randle got a start here and recorded an impressive double - double , as he scored 12 points to go along with 14 rebounds . D'Angelo Russell led the team in scoring with 18 points off the bench . Los_Angeles will have to play again on Saturday in a back - to - back , as they travel to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 26 - 21 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 38 ) 92 - 90 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Mavericks have owned the Lakers over the past three seasons and Tuesday marked the 10th straight loss for Los_Angeles against the Dirk Nowitzki-led Mavs . With 1:36 left in regulation , Jordan Clarkson hit a floating jump shot to tie the game at 90 , and it took another 1:34 before Dirk Nowitzki drained a vintage baseline jumper with :2 remaining to take a two point lead . On the ensuing possession , Julius Randle received an inbound pass at the top of the three - point line and his shot went off the side of the rim as time expired . The Lakers are now owners of a seven game losing streak . Nowitzki was far from efficient , but has not lost his clutch factor , proven by his fadeaway game winner . The Mavericks leader finished with 13 points and six rebounds on 5 - of - 14 shooting in 30 minutes . J.J. Barea led all Mavericks in scoring with 18 points off the bench , to go along with four rebounds and four assists . Chandler Parsons got off to a hot start , but cooled down in the second half , but scored 17 points and grabbed nine rebounds 35 minutes . The Lakers were without Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) , but competed with Dallas for the entirety of the game . Julius Randle is starting to show signs of improvement and has strung together five good games entering the contest ( 9 points and 10 rebounds ) , and added his 16th double - double of the season with 16 points and 11 rebounds . Jordan Clarkson rounded out the box score with 18 points , six rebounds and seven assists , while rookie D’Angelo Russell finished with 12 points and zero assists . The Lakers will look to end their seven game skid when they host the Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 19 ) on Thursday , while the Mavericks play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Golden State Warriors ( 41 - 4 ) on Wednesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 19 ) took care of business against the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 39 ) on Thursday in a 114 - 91 win . Chicago got off to a hot start and they never looked back after that . They took a 32 - 15 lead in the first quarter and the game never seemingly got close after that point . The defense was key for the Bulls on Thursday , as they held the Lakers to just 38 percent shooting and drew 14 turnovers in the win . Chicago also dominated the rebounding as they snatched down 51 rebounds to the Lakers 41 . The shooting was a big difference as well , with the Bulls shooting 50 percent and scoring 56 points in the paint while allowing the Lakers to score just 26 paint points . The Bulls have been struggling recently , but this date with the Lakers is just what the doctor ordered . Derrick Rose didn’t have a huge game statistically with just 16 points and five assists , but he had a burst that was undeniable and a great sign for Bulls fans for the future . Jimmy Butler was once again the hero , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and 10 assists in the win . Pau Gasol also played great , as he amassed 21 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists in the victory . The Bulls will look to keep this momentum going on Sunday against the Los_Angeles Clippers . This marked the Lakers 12th loss in their last 13 games and their seventh loss in their last eight games by at least 13 points . Lou Williams sat out this game with an illness and it was clear they really missed them with no Lakers player having a big night . Jordan Clarkson led the team with 16 points , but had the worst plus - minus at a - 29 . Julius Randle had a solid game as well , as he scored 14 points to go along with eight rebounds . Up next for the Lakers is a date against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 34 - 23 ) blew out the host Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 48 ) 112 - 95 on Friday . There were times when this game was close , but certainly not late . The Grizzlies carried a 17 - point lead into halftime and got into garbage time before the fourth quarter began . Every statistic was extremely uneven , as Memphis dominated in every facet . The Grizzlies outrebounded the Lakers 47 - 38 , outshot them 51 percent to 41 percent and outassisted them 24 - 14 . The Grizzlies actually would have outscored the Lakers in every quarter as well if the Lakers didn’t bury a meaningless three with seconds left . Memphis has been playing great ball as of late and they didn’t let down here . P.J. Hariston led the team with 21 points , while playing 30 minutes in the victory Vince Carter played a bunch of garbage time and scored 19 points in a renaissance performance . Zach Randolph played just 25 minutes , but totaled 15 points , 10 rebounds and five assists in the win . Lance Stephenson continued to thrive for his new team , as he accumulated 14 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Up next for Memphis is another favorable matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday . Garbage time has become far too common for this Lakers team , but it does allow the youngsters to play more and develop . D'Angelo Russell continued to start and put up a team - high 22 points in the loss . Julius Randle was the only other player who played well , as he totaled 17 points and seven rebounds in the defeat . Only one other player scored in double figures , as the Lakers had to play this game without Kobe Bryant who is recovering from a shoulder injury . Los_Angeles gets a few days off until their next game , when it plays host to the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 49 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 44 ) 107 - 101 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The matchup between two of the bottom three teams in the NBA featured an explosive performance from rookie point guard D’Angelo Russell , who scored a career high 39 points to lead the Lakers . Russell flashed his ability to score in volume , in addition to proving that he has the intangibles to see plays develop before they happen . In short , this was the type of game that Lakers fans have been waiting for . The rookie added six rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 21 shooting , including eight buckets from behind the arc in 35 minutes . Two youthful counterparts , Julius Randle and Jordan Clarkson , aided Russell in the contest , as Randle contributed his 24th double - double of the season with 14 points and 13 rebounds , and Clarkson added 16 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Roy Hibbert played strong in the paint and contained his matchup with Brook Lopez to a tolerable amount of points . The Los_Angeles center totaled 14 points on an efficient 7 - of - 9 shooting . Clarkson’s running layup with 1:28 left in the fourth quarter was all that was needed for the Lakers to close out the game after extending the lead to three points , as the rest of the team finished strong from the charity stripe , including Brandon Bass , who made two big defensive stop with under one minute remaining to hold off the Nets . Brooklyn was outplayed in the first half , and once Russell caught fire , they had no answer in stopping him . All five Nets starters finished in double figures , lead by Lopez’s 23 points , but after fouling out the game , the Lakers had a crucial size advantage in the paint . Thaddeus Young totaled 19 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block , while Bojan Bogdanovich added 18 points , seven rebounds and three assists . The Nets , as a whole , rounded out the box score from the starters , but were inefficient in shooting . Brooklyn shot 5 - of - 18 from behind the arc , granted it is not their strong suit , multiple missed open opportunities proved to be vital down the stretch . Both benches were quiet in the game , as neither team found a player registering in double figures or finding strength off the glass . The Denver Nuggets ( 23 - 37 ) will welcome both teams in each of their next scheduled games , as the Lakers will play the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday , and the Nets will play on Friday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 13 - 51 ) upset the league - leading Golden_State Warriors ( 55 - 6 ) on Sunday , 112 - 95 . The difference between LA 's .190 and Golden_State 's .911 win percentages was the largest in NBA history headed into Sunday 's matchup . Seven Lakers reached double digits in scoring , with the young backcourt duo of sophomore Jordan Clarkson and rookie D'Angelo Russell combining for 46 points . Russell , less than a week removed from his career - high 39 points on Tuesday , scored 21 while dishing out five assists . The rookie was also a pest on the defensive end , grabbing four steals . European rookie Marcelo Huertas led the team with nine assists off the bench , giving fire to the second unit in the stunning upset . Coach Byron Scott said Huertas was `` probably [ the team 's ] MVP '' when asked for comment on the rookie 's impressive showing.The Lakers smoked Golden_State in terms of shooting , hitting nine three - pointers to the Warrior 's four , and shooting an efficient 47 percent from the field . Though LA maintains the league 's second - worst record , they were able to expose the Warriors , dealing them their sixth and second - largest loss of the season . Normally the best three - point shooting team in the league , Golden_State hit just four from deep in Los_Angeles . After one of the most impressive individual weeks in recent memory last week , Steph Curry went just 1 - for - 10 from three - point land on Sunday . Curry was one of just two Warriors to reach double digit scoring , as seemingly nothing would fall for the NBA 's top team . Turnovers also presented an issue , as the team coughed the ball up 20 times as a whole . Seven of those turnovers came from first - time All-Star Draymond Green , who also failed to prevent sophomore Julius Randle from crashing the board 14 times by the day 's end . Golden_State will now need a record of at least 18 - 3 to finish the season in order to be in sole possession of the best single season in NBA history . The Warriors will hope for a comeback on Monday when they host the Orlando Magic . The Lakers will host the Magic the next day .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 51 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 36 ) 107 - 98 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Lakers earned back - to - back home wins for the first time all season , as the starting trio of Julius Randle , Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell all eclipsed the 20 - plus point mark . With Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) sidelined , the focus was once again on the rookies and sophomores to lead Los_Angeles , and as the season has progressed , the young talent is showing signs of development . Save for the first quarter , where the Magic quickly got out to 90 run , the Lakers assisted and rebounded in stronger fashion , and dominated the third quarter , where they were able to put the game away after posting 39 points . Julius Randle finished with 23 points and 11 rebounds , which completed his 28th double - double of the season , and shot 9 - of - 16 from the field in 30 minutes . Jordan Clarkson flexed some range in the second half on his way 24 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting , including five treys , to go along with five boards and three dimes . D’Angelo Russell led all scorers with 27 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting to continue his hot run of form . The Magic showcased the talent they possess as well , it just was not enough to keep pace with the Lakers game plan . Aaron Gordon may have only finished with five points in the contest , but two of those points came on a dunk of the year candidate , as Gordon channeled his inner Dominique Wilkins for a windmill jam . In terms of the box score , Victor Oladipo led his team , which is beginning to become a theme for the Magic in close games , as he finished with 26 points , four rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 17 shooting in 35 minutes . Evan Fournier turned in an impressive shooting performance and scored 23 points on 11 shots in just under 40 minutes . The Orlando bench was uneventful , save for C.J. Watson’s 10 points in 25 minutes , as Scott Skiles put the minutes burden on the starters . The Lakers will welcome LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 18 ) on Thursday , while the Magic head north to face the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 37 ) on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 26 - 41 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 54 ) 106 - 98 at Staples Center on Tuesday . The Kings snapped a five game losing streak with a relatively easy win in Los_Angeles behind DeMarcus Cousins , Rudy Gay and Darren Collison . Cousins was responsible for the dagger three pointer with just over four minutes remaining in the fourth quarter , after the Lakers trimmed an almost game long double figure lead to seven points . It was Cousins’ only attempt from behind the arc , but he made every bit of it count to put the game away . The Kentucky product finished with 22 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a beastly four blocks . Gay and Collison combined for 42 points on 19 - of - 30 shooting , proving that when the Kings shooters are efficient , or simply in a rhythm , they can close out games . Rajon Rondo dished out 12 assists , while Omri Casspi led the bench in scoring with 11 points , but failed to make a three pointer . The Kings will play the second game of a back - to - back when they return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 42 ) on Wednesday . The Lakers were without Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) and Brandon Bass ( eye ) , but the missing two pieces were not entirely to blame for the lopsided game early on . Los_Angeles was unable to get into any sort of rhythm out the gate , and fell behind in the first quarter 32 - 15 and only registered four points through the first six minutes of action . The young Lakers trio seemed to have cooled down after stringing together an improved set of games . D’Angelo Russell scored 14 points , to go along with three rebounds , three assists and four steals , while Jordan Clarkson added 12 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Julius Randle went for his 29th double - double of the season after scoring 14 points and grabbing 11 rebounds . Lou Williams and Larry Nance Jr were spark plugs off the bench and combined for 29 points while trying to make up for the brutal first half . The Lakers will look to bounce back when they host the Phoenix Suns ( 18 - 49 ) on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 50 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 55 ) 95 - 90 on Friday . In a battle between the two bottom teams in the west , the better team prevailed . The shooting was terrible from both teams , as they both shot 36 percent from the field . The difference for the suns was the play of their starters , as they outscored the Lakers starters 80 - 31 . In fact , no Lakers starter scored in double figures for the first time in over a decade . This now gives Phoenix their fourth win in their last eight games , Brandon Knight led the team with 22 points , while also providing six rebounds and three assists . Rookie Devin Booker continued his strong play , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Tyson Chandler did a great job of controlling the boards , as he snatched down 17 rebounds to go along with 12 points . The Suns next game wo n't be until Monday , when they host the struggling Memphis Grizzlies . Los_Angeles looked terrible through three quarters , but the reserves came in and brought them back in the fourth . In fact , they outscored the Suns by nine in a 36 - point fourth quarter , after scoring just 54 points in the first three quarters combined . Lou Williams was the only Laker who played well , as he scored 30 points off the bench . The only other notable stat line was Marcelo Huertas , who dished out 10 assists off the bench . Los_Angeles ' next game comes on Tuesday , when they also host the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 55 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 31 ) at Staples Center on Tuesday , 107 - 100 . Jordan Clarkson played the hero roll in the Lakers win after intercepting two passes with under one minute left in regulation to stave off the Grizzlies . Both teams clawed at each others lead throughout each quarter , but the Lakers had the edge heading into the half and played well enough offensively to make up for some rough defensive breakdowns and miscues in the fourth quarter . Clarkson found himself in the right place at the right time to pick off the passes that iced the game for Los_Angeles , but also caused an 8 - second violation a few possessions prior that gave Memphis another opportunity to come back . Metta World_Peace was ejected quickly after checking into the game for arguing calls with the ref , and D’Angelo Russell left the game with a bruised left shin . Early reports suggest that Russell will be questionable against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday . Despite the ejection and minor injury , the Lakers battled to their 15th win . Kobe Bryant was effective in the second half , where he scored 17 of his 20 points , and Clarkson’s wise shot selection was good for 22 points , to go along with five rebounds and one assist . Brandon Bass and Marcelo Huertas hooked up for a late alley - oop that extended the Lakers lead to seven points . Bass finished with 18 points and six boards , while Huertas added four points and seven assists . The banged up Grizzlies are still hanging on to the 5 - seed in the Western Conference , but the loss comes on the second game of a back - to - back , which has been a common theme for the Grizzlies road losses this season . Tony Allen put on a shooting clinic , as he scored 27 points on a perfect 12 - of - 12 shooting . Zach Randolph failed to be his dominant self on the glass , and only brought down six total boards , in addition to 16 points . Lance Stephenson continues to impress with his newest team and added 16 points , six rebounds and two steals in 21 minutes off the bench . The Lakers will visit the Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 51 ) on Wednesday , while the Grizzlies travel to Texas to take on the San Antonio Spurs ( 59 - 11 ) on Friday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 59 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 43 - 31 ) in overtime , 102 - 100 , at Staples Center on Wednesday . Julius Randle , alongside the Lakers youth , led the charge with an impressive all around performance against the Heat . Kobe Bryant and Dwyane Wade faced off for the last time , and the Staples Center energy was alive and well given the improvement Randle and D’Angelo Russell have shown through the past few week . Wade still has the clutch gene , and with 23 seconds left in overtime , he drove the lane and finished at the rim to tie the game at 100 points a piece , but Randle took what the defense gave him and showed off a filthy crossover - spin move combo , which led to the game winning floater with 2 seconds on the clock . D’Angelo Russell may be dealing with some disturbances in the locker room , but he was instrumental in the overtime period , as he scored on back - to - back possessions , even with the Miami Heat clawing back and finding a way to answer the Lakers surge . Kobe Bryant exited the game before the end of the first half and it was listed as general soreness . Jordan Clarkson led all scorers and provided needed free throws in the fourth quarter . The sophomore guard finished with 26 points , six rebounds and one assist , while Julius Randle added his 33rd double - double of the season with 13 points and 14 rebounds . Wade matched Clarkson’s 26 points , and added 10 rebounds and five assists to round out the box score , but it was Hassan Whiteside’s monstrous 18 points , 17 rebounds and seven blocks that stuck out the most . The Heat were thin in terms of the roster , and Whiteside technically came off the bench even though he registered 38 minutes of action . Luol Deng looked to bust out of his scoring slump , and provided 22 points and 11 rebounds in the loss , although the veteran is averaging his lowest point total since his rookie year . The Heat will head north and face the Sacramento Kings ( 30 - 45 ) on Friday , while the Lakers will enjoy a few days off before hosting the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 31 ) on Sunday .
The Boston Celtics ( 45 - 32 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 60 ) 107 - 100 at Staples Center on Sunday . Kobe Bryant made sure to save enough in the tank to give the Lakers long time rivals a run for their money . Fresh off their thrilling upset against the Golden State Warriors , the Celtics rallied behind Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder . Evan Turner got the nod at shooting guard in place of Avery Bradley ( personal reasons ) and provided efficiency in the backcourt and clutch free throw shooting down the stretch . As the Celtics looked to rip off scoring runs , Bryant kept the Lakers within striking distance , as he finished with 34 points , four rebounds , one assist and three steals on 11 - of - 28 shooting . The 20 - year veteran had a chance to close the gap after two Even Turner free throws , but the ball rattled in and out and Boston grabbed the rebound to put away the game . Thomas scored 26 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with two rebounds and six assists , while Crowder contributed 22 points , five rebounds and five steals . Jae Crowder was tremendous on the defensive end of the floor and a needed piece in Brad Stevens’ rotations , especially with the Celtics closing in on the 3 - seed for the Eastern Conference . Turner exited the game with under one minute to play in the fourth quarter after what appeared to be an unintentional hit to the face/eye , but still added 17 points , four boards and four dimes in 35 minutes . Julius Randle turned in another double - double with 20 points and 10 rebounds , which helped the struggling back court for Los_Angeles . Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell combined for 25 points on 10 - of - 30 shooting , as both guards shot selection was iffy at best . Neither team shot the three pointer effectively , but the Celtics were able to showcase strong ball movement and selfless basketball , which was reflected by their 30 assists as a unit . The Lakers will technically play a road game against the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 48 - 28 ) on Tuesday , while the Celtics return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 47 ) on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 50 - 28 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 61 ) 91 - 81 at Staples Center on Wednesday . The Clippers handed the Lakers their 11th straight loss to their hometown rivals and earned their 50th win of the season . Doc Rivers opted to rest Wesley Johnson , Jamal Crawford and Austin Rivers with the playoffs around the corner , but also got a slight scare when Jeff Green exited the game with a right knee contusion , initial reports suggest he will be available for the Clippers next game on Friday . The Staples Center was electric as it was Kobe Bryant’s second to last home game . The 20 year veteran shot more efficiently from the field as compared to Tuesday’s performance against the same Clippers squad , and finished with 17 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting . Jordan Clarkson and D’Angelo Russell also bounced back a bit , and combined for 26 points on 10 - of - 28 shooting . When the backcourt duo clicks , it provides the Lakers with enough offense to contend against the bottom half opponents in the league , but the Clippers proved too much to handle throughout the all four quarters . Four Clippers starters finished in low double figures , but the best sign came from Blake Griffin , who looked more like his usual self with 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists in 24 minutes . Chris Paul rounded out the box score with 13 points also , in addition to five rebounds and eight assists . The bench saw increased minutes , and everyone got their fair share of touches , as they made up for a third of the team 's scoring . Both teams play on Friday , as the Clippers visit the Utah Jazz ( 39 - 39 ) , while the Lakers visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 49 ) .
The Wizards eaked out a tight road win to begin the season over the Magic , behind Bradley Beal 's game high 24 points . The closely - contested game consisted of 11 lead changes and six ties . Tobias Harris had a running field goal attempt with 4 seconds left that hung on the rim and appeared to be goaltended by Marcin Gortat , which would have given the Magic a one - point lead . However , following review , Gortat was determined to have legally touched the ball . Nikola Vucevic then bricked a mid - range jumper at the buzzer . Washington was led by John Wall who put up 22 points , seven rebounds , six assists , three steals , and an eye - popping five blocks . The Wizards will head into Milwaukee Friday night and look to open the season 20 . Orlando stuck with the NBA 's current small ball lineup trend by starting Evan Fournier at the small forward . This allowed Aaron Gordon to ease his way in to his sophomore season by coming off the bench . Victor Oladipo led the way with 17 points and 11 rebounds , while Elfrid Payton neared a triple - double with 11 points , 10 rebounds , and 8 assists . The Thunder come into Orlando Friday night where the Magic will try and get their first win of the season .
In one of the most exciting games of the first week of the NBA season , the Thunder ( 20 ) were able to overcome an 18 - point deficit heading into the fourth quarter before eventually dispatching the Orlando Magic ( 0 - 2 ) in double overtime Friday by a score of 139 - 136 . In an offense - laden affair , the Magic stormed to an early lead by shooting over 50 percent from the field through the first three quarters , but they faded late in the contest while the Thunder gained steam . Four players finished with 20 - plus points for the Magic , with Victor Oladipo’s triple double ( 21 points , 13 rebounds , 10 assists in 51 minutes ) representing the most well - rounded stat line of the quartet . Oladipo also kept the Magic alive when all hope seemed lost , nailing a game - tying three - pointer as the first overtime period expired . Along with Oladipo , Nikola Vucevic , Tobias Harris , and Evan Fournier were the others who surpassed 20 points . Vucevic keyed the Magic’s early success , nailing his first nine shots before finishing the night with 26 points on a 10 - for - 14 mark from the field , while Harris accumulated 30 points and nine rebounds . Fournier finished with 22 points on 8 - for - 21 shooting . As per usual , the Thunder’s two stars , Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook , were the driving forces behind the team’s comeback win , as the duo combined for 91 of the team’s 139 points . It marked the first time since March 2012 that both players tallied more than 40 points in the same game . Durant was the steadier of the two from the field for much of the contest and churned out 43 points and 12 boards , but seemed to lose steam offensively down the stretch while playing a game - high 54 minutes . However , he found enough within himself to hold off a last - ditch effort by the Magic in double overtime , blocking two shots in the final three seconds . Westbrook , meanwhile , shook off some early shooting woes to lead all scorers with 48 points to go along with 11 rebounds and eight assists . Westbrook caught fire in the fourth quarter and the two overtime periods , most notably banking in a three - pointer in the waning seconds that sent the contest to the extra period . Oklahoma_City will likely skip practice Saturday and return home for its next game Sunday against the Denver Nuggets , while the Magic will look to notch their first win Sunday in Chicago versus the Bulls .
The Toronto Raptors ( 5 - 1 ) suffered their first defeat of the season on Friday , falling 92 - 87 to the Orlando Magic ( 2 - 4 ) in the game 's final minute . The Magic , playing without star center Nikola Vucevic ( knee ) , were bolstered by the play of emerging leader Victor Oladipo . The third - year guard posted totals of 18 points , seven rebounds , and six assists while turning the ball over just once against the stingy Raptors defense . Orlando also saw forward Tobias Harris post a team - high 20 points on an efficient 80 percent shooting from the field . The team was able to walk away with the win due largely to strong defensive play , as the Raptors were held to shooting just 35 percent from the field and 22 percent from behind the arc . Meanwhile , the Raptors saw disappointing performances from their perimeter players in the team 's first loss of the season . All-Star point guard Kyle Lowry shot just 6 - of - 16 from the field , while offseason addition DeMarre Carroll had 10 misfires himself , shooting just 3 - for - 13 . Though the team only totaled nine turnovers on the night , mistakes down the stretch - - particularly in the final minute - - ended up being the deciding factor in what was a close game . Despite falling to Orlando , the Raptors still sit at the top of the Eastern Conference . The team will prepare for a visit to Miami on Sunday as they seek to bounce back from tonight 's loss . The Magic , meanwhile , will look to carry momentum from the win into Saturday , as they travel to Philadelphia to take on the 76ers .
Despite a late push from the Utah Jazz ( 4 - 5 ) , the Orlando Magic ( 5 - 5 ) were able to secure their fifth win of the season . In the absence of team leader Victor Oladipo ( concussion ) , the young backcourt of Elfrid Payton ( 16 points , six assists ) and Evan Fournier ( 21 points , five rebounds ) stepped up to carry the offensive load . Their effort was matched with a 19 - point , 13 - rebound performance from small forward Tobias Harris , who led the team with 40 minutes played . Everything seemed to be clicking for Orlando , as the team knocked down over 90 percent of its free throws and shot 37 percent from beyond the arc . The Jazz were also held back by injury to a young star , as center Rudy Gobert ( ankle ) sat the contest out . Rookie Trey Lyles took over in the starting lineup , as power forward Derrick Favors slid over to the center slot in Gobert 's stead . Favors , who had been experiencing a breakout season up until this point , posted a fairly pedestrian statline of five points , seven rebounds , and one assist in 19 minutes . It was a rough night for the Jazz as a whole , as the team shot just 39 percent from the field and 74 percent from the line . The Jazz will hope to have both Gobert and their shooting stroke back on Sunday as they prepare to take on the Hawks in Atlanta . Meanwhile , the Oladipo-less Magic will hope to follow up on the win Saturday , as the play the Wizards in Washington .
The Orlando Magic ( 8 - 8 ) destroyed the Milwaukee Bucks ( 6 - 10 ) 114 - 90 on Friday . In a game that was tied after the first quarter , there was very little suspense after that . Orlando outscored Milwaukee by 21 points in the second and third quarters and the result was decided well before the final whistle . The key to the Magic 's success was their three - point shooting , as they went 12 - for - 27 from long distance . The assist - differential was huge as well , as Orlando recorded 30 to the Bucks 20 . The Bucks played this game without a suspended Jason Kidd and they really did n't show up without their head coach . They once again allowed their opponent to run up and down the floor on them and did n't play much defense as well . That 's been a scary trend for this Milwaukee team , as most experts had them pegged as a defensive powerhouse coming into the season . They allowed over 50 percent shooting in this game and it marks the fifth time they have allowed at least 114 points in their last six games . Clearly the Bucks are in a rough stretch right now and it wo n't get much easier when they have to travel to North Carolina to take on the scorching - hot Charlotte Hornets on Sunday . The Magic played some great basketball in this game and they were finally being rewarded for their great play . They shot over 50 percent from the field in this game and were moving the ball extremely well . They were led by a fantastic performance from Elfrid Payton , who tallied 22 points and 10 assists in the win . The Magic made a curious move in the last game by moving Victor Oladipo to the bench , but he had another nice game here . Oladipo totaled 17 points , nine assists and six rebounds in just 24 minutes off the bench . Orlando will look to keep the momentum going against the Boston Celtics on Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 9 - 8 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 9 - 8 ) 110 - 91 on Sunday . Boston continues to compete against the Eastern Conference , but their identity is still missing a major “go - to” component , which was evident in the Celtics double - digit loss to the Magic . Most notably , the missing presence of a big man in the starting five is a growing problem , as the Magic outrebounded Boston , 54 - 34 . Isiah Thomas fell one point short of his season average , while leading all scorers with 20 points , to go along with seven assists , one rebound and two steals on 7 - for - 18 shooting . Avery Bradley added 17 points , but struggled from deep , sinking only two treys on seven attempts . Jared Sullinger grabbed a third of the team 's rebounds ( 11 ) , nine of which on the defensive end , but only added three points in the effort on 1 - for - 7 shooting . The Magic pushed the pace and played unselfish basketball as part of a controlled team effort . Moving Victor Oladipo ( 19 points , eight rebounds and six assists in 30 minutes ) to a bench role has opened up matchup problems for opposing defenses . Oladipo is still receiving quality minutes in every outing and is a force on the floor , as only Nikola Vucevic had a higher plus - minus on the night . Vucevic was a force in the paint and flexed some of his midrange game , as he finished the night with 18 points and 10 rebounds . Tobias Harris joined in with a double - double of his own , adding 15 points and 11 rebounds on 7 - for - 13 shooting . The Magic kept offensive possessions alive and turned those boards into points after pulling away early in the second half . Both teams are 9 - 8 as we approach the 20 game mark of the season . The Celtics visit the Miami Heat ( 10 - 5 ) on Monday , while the Magic visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 9 ) on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 15 - 7 ) absolutely dominated the Orlando Magic ( 12 - 11 ) for all four quarters Friday , winning by a score of 111 - 76 . Guard Iman Shumpert made his long - awaited return , coming off the bench for 14 points on 5 - 7 shooting . Still absent , however , was All-Star Kyrie Irving , who has been sidelined all season with an injury sustained in last year 's NBA finals . The Cavs pulled away in the second quarter , outscoring the Magic 31 - 17 . From there , it was the LeBron & Co. show , as the Cavs controlled the third quarter by a margin of 30 - 15 . Per usual , James led the way for the Cavs , delivering 25 points , eights assists , and four steals in only 29 minutes in the blowout . With the win , Cleveland extends their lead on the Eastern Conference , comfortably holding the first seed . For the hot and cold Magic , however , nothing seemed to work on either end of the floor . Starter Tobias Harris disappointed with 0 points and two rebounds , while forward Channing Frye posted no stats of any kind in 12 minutes , save for three missed field goals . These weak performances only furthered the Magic 's overall struggles , as the team shot just 39 percent on the night while allowing the opposition to hit 57 percent of their shots . The Cavs will look to assert themselves even further as they take on Boston on Tuesday . Meanwhile , the Magic have an upcoming road game on Monday in Brooklyn .
The Orlando Magic ( 14 - 11 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 14 - 10 ) Wednesday 113 - 98 at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Magic used a balanced offensive attack throughout the game , as all five starters scored in double figures , making for one of the team 's best offensive performances of the seaosn thus far . They opened up a 16 - point lead as they entered the final period and had no issues closing out . Channing Frye led the way scoring for Orlando , finishing with 17 points ( 5 - 7 3Pt ) in 30 minutes . Evan Fournier was also hitting from downtown ( 3 - 5 3Pt ) and finished with 15 points in 24 minutes . Nikola Vucevic managed to record 14 points and eight rebounds , while Tobias Harris and Elfrid Payton recorded 13 and 12 points respectively . Victor Oladipo came off the bench to record 11 points in 25 minutes . As a team , the Magic were on fire shooting the ball , shooting an impressive 58 percent from behind the arc and 56 percent overall . The Hornets were not able to be as effective , as their starters severley underperformed Wednesday . P.J. Hairston was the highest scoring starter with just 14 points in 22 minutes , with Kemba Walker and Cody Zeller adding 12 and 11 respectively . As a unit , the team 's starting five combined to score just 49 of the team 's points . Off the bench , It was Jeremy Lamb that came up big , shooting 7 - of - 10 from the field en route to reording a team - high 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and four steals in 24 minutes . Up next , the Magic will stay home Friday to take on the Trail Blazers , while the Hornets will head home Thursday to play the Raptors .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 17 - 12 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 15 - 12 ) 103 - 100 on Sunday . The Magic had a couple shots to tie the game late , but had some poor execution . In fact , they didn’t even get the last shot off before the buzzer due to some good Hawks defense and a poor play call . Orlando came into this game as the superior rebounding team , but Atlanta outrebounded them 41 - 35 despite ranking 28th in the league in boards per game with Rolando ranking sixth . Atlanta 's shooting really boosted them to a win , as they shot 50 percent from the field and from three - point range . Atlanta has now won three - straight games and playing some of their best basketball of the season . This was one of their best team efforts of the season , as six different players scored between 13 and 19 points . Paul Millsap was the team 's best player though , as he tallied 13 points , 13 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks to once again stuff the stat sheet . Al Horford also had a nice all - around game , as he accumulated 14 points , six rebounds and five assists . The Hawks will look to keep their streak going against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for the Magic , but what really killed them was a 13 - point second quarter . One bright spot in the loss were the 16 steals that the Magic drew , which are a season - high . Nikola Vucevic was Orlando 's best player on Sunday , as he recorded a 20 point - 11 rebound double - double . Evan Fournier tallied 17 points , three rebounds and four assists as well , which is a promising sign with his recent struggles . Orlando will look to start a new streak against the New York Knicks on Monday in their next scheduled game .
The Orlando Magic ( 17 - 12 ) survived a back - and - forth fourth quarter to take home the victory Wednesday night at the Amway Center , 104 - 101 over the Houston Rockets ( 15 - 15 ) . Evan Fournier hit the go - ahead bucket to give the Magic a 102 - 101 lead with 14 seconds left to end a raucous comeback attempt from the Rockets . Down by 13 to begin the fourth , Houston rallied behind 10 points and three assists from star James Harden to take a 101 - 100 lead with just 26 seconds to go , their first lead since the second quarter . But it was short - lived , and two late Rockets three - point attempts went begging to seal the deal . The Magic brought a balanced attack , as six players finished in double figures . Nikola Vucevic led Orlando with 21 ( 10 - 16 shooting ) . Tobias Harris scored 19 points on an ultra - efficient 8 - 10 shooting and grabbed eight rebounds . Aaron Gordon came off the bench to score 14 in just 12 minutes . The Magic shot the lights out as a team , finishing at 52 percent from the field and a sharp 44 percnet from three - point land . Harden scored 31 to lead all scorers on a sharp 12 - 18 shooting , and he also led the Rockets with seven assists . Harden did n't get much help , as the team 's next high scorer was Dwight Howard with 12 points to go with seven rebounds and three blocks . Ty Lawson came off the bench to score 11 points on 4 - 6 shooting and dish three assists , his first double - digit scoring effort since December 2 against New Orleans . The Rockets were sunk by an inability to hit from deep - - they finished just 24 percent ( 7 - 29 ) from three - point land . The Rockets had a three - game winning streak snapped by the loss and will look to right the ship Friday at home against the Spurs . The Magic improved to a robust 10 - 5 at home and will look to keep that success going with another home date Saturday against the Heat .
The Miami Heat ( 18 - 11 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 17 - 13 ) 108 - 101 on Saturday night thanks to a second half surge . The Magic took a 12 - point lead into the half , but couldn’t quite hold on for the win . The Heat scored 64 points in the second half and got one of the best team performances they 've had all season . Shooting was key for Miami on Saturday , as they nearly shot 50 percent from the field and from three - point range . They also dominated at the free - throw line , going 22 - for - 23 in the game versus the Magic 's 6 - for - 13 . The Heat looked down and out early in this game but showed some major fight to come back and win . What is most impressive is that this was the second half of a back - to - back set and it was on the road . This was one of the first times that Dwyane Wade , Chris Bosh and Goran Dragic all played well in the same game and that 's a scary sight for other Eastern Conference teams . All three players scored at least 22 points and combined for 68 all together . Miami 's next game will be a favorable one , as they host the Brooklyn nets on Monday . The Magic fell apart here in the second half and showed their lack of maturity . They actually shot an outstanding 54 percent from the field against an elite Miami defense , but played bad defense themselves in the second half . Nikola Vucevic had one of his best all - around games of the season , as he collected 22 points , 10 rebounds and six assists in the defeat . All five starters actually scored in double - figures and the bench was a letdown all evening long . Orlando will look to play better in their next game against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 20 - 15 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 17 ) for a big Eastern Conference road win Wednesday at Amway Center , 95 - 86 . It looked over with three minutes left in the fourth quarter when the Pacers took a 86 - 76 lead on a pair of Paul George free throws , but five straight points from Magic guard Victor Oladipo made it an 89 - 86 game with 58 seconds left . It would n't be enough , however , as the Pacers managed to ice the game from the free throw line . Paul George 's 20 points led the Pacers , as he made up for a poor night from deep ( 1 of 6 from three ) with a perfect 9 - of - 9 night at the free - throw line . Monta Ellis scored 19 points and finished with game highs in assists ( seven ) and steals ( four ) . The Pacers struggled shooting from the field , as they managed just 42 percent from the floor and 27 percent from three . They won the game at the free throw line , where they went 25 - 29 and scored nine more points than the Magic . Oladipo scored 20 points and tied George for the game high , as he was on fire from the three - point line ( 4 of 7 ) . Nikola Vucevic scored 17 points but was unusually quiet on the boards , as he grabbed just four . Evan Fournier was the only other Magic starter in double digits , as he scored 13 points , but he went just 1 - 6 from three - point land and was part of the Magic 's brutal 19 - percent night from the three - point line . The Pacers have won two of three and will look to keep it going Friday night at New Orleans . The Magic have now lost four straight and will look to right the ship Friday at the Nets .
The Washington Wizards ( 16 - 19 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 18 ) 105 - 99 on Saturday . The Wizards snapped a three - game skid on the strength of an outstanding shooting night . All five starters managed double - digit points , and Washington was able to shoot a stellar 55 percent from the field and 57 percent from beyond the arc . Four members of the first unit were able to tally at least one three - pointer , and Gary Neal also pitched in with two treys of his own off the bench . The performance provided a glimpse of the significant potential the Wizards ' offense possesses , even with Bradley Beal out of the lineup . However , their inability to put together outings such as Saturday 's with any type of consistency has been at the root of their mediocre record over the first 35 games . John Wall led the way for the visitors with another one of his patented double - doubles , tallying 24 points , 10 assists , five rebounds and four steals . It was the All-Star point guard 's 13th double - double outing in the last 16 games , an amazing stretch that has helped keep Washington afloat in Beal 's absence . Otto Porter and Jared Dudley were next in line with a pair of 16 - point efforts , with the former adding two rebounds , two assists and four steals , while the latter dished out four dimes and hauled in three boards . Marcin Gortat managed 12 points for the fourth straight contest , and added 10 rebounds , an assist , a block and a steal . It was the Wizards ' big man 's sixth double - double over the last seven games . Garrett Temple rounded out the starting five 's productive night with 11 points , four rebounds and four assists , and Neal collected 16 points , three assists , a rebound and a block over 22 minutes to pace the reserves . The Wizards improved to 16 - 19 and but still reside in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They next head to Chicago for a Monday night showdown with the Bulls . The Magic was spearheaded by Nikola Vucevic , who turned in an impressive performance against Gortat 's stout defense . Orlando 's big man registered 23 points , nine rebounds , five assists and a steal . Victor Oladipo received another start at point guard and was solid once again , pouring in 17 points and adding five assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . However , he had trouble keeping the ball away from the opposition , equaling his season high with six turnovers . Channing Frye managed one of his most fruitful offensive nights of the year , tallying 12 points and bringing down four rebounds . Tobias Harris and Evan Fournier rounded out the starting five with a pair of 11 - point outings . Aaron Gordon was highly efficient from the bench , posting a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double over 30 minutes . Orlando fell to 20 - 18 but remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 'll now take a jaunt across the Atlantic to face off against the Toronto Raptors in London on Thursday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 6 - 38 ) earned their first Eastern Conference victory Wednesday , defeating the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 21 ) , 96 - 87 . With the win , the Sixers are now 5 - 8 since trading for point guard Ish Smith . The deal , which sent two second - round picks to New Orleans in exchange for the former Sixer , brought in a veteran point guard to help organize Philadelphia 's ailing offense . In 13 games with the Sixers , Smith has boasted impressive averages of 17 points , 8 assists , and 2 steals per game . Smith 's presence in Philadelphia has helped spark a much - needed turnaround for the once 1 - 30 team . For the second straight game , rookie Jahlil Okafor led Philadelphia in scoring with 20 points . Okafor took a team - high 17 shots , asserting himself as an offensive presence . The Duke alum also grabbed a steal and recorded a block on the defensive end . Fellow big man Nerlens Noel , however , exited the game after just 19 minutes of play with what was reported as a headache and blurred vision . He did not return to action . The Magic faltered on both ends of the ball on Wednesday , hitting just 39 percent of their field goal attempts while allowing Philadelphia to make 49 percent and 47 percent from beyond the three - point line . Recently-returned sophomore Elfrid Payton led the team in points , assists , and minutes , notching a 21 - point , 10 - assist double - double in 41 minutes of play . This was a refreshing effort for Payton , who had struggled in his previous two contests after returning from injury . Unfortunately for Orlando , just two other players scored in double - digits , and Payton accounted for over half of the team 's assists . Orlando 's next matchup will be against the Hornets on Friday . Philadelphia will have three days of rest before playing host to Boston on Saturday night .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 20 - 23 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 22 ) 120 - 116 in overtime on Friday . The contest featured notable lineup changes for both clubs , although the visitors ' patchwork starting five was certainly not put together by choice . With starting center Cody Zeller , who in turn has been filling in for the sidelined Al Jefferson ( knee ) , on the bench for the night with a shoulder strain , Spencer Hawes received the starting nod at the five position . Meanwhile , Nicolas Batum 's troublesome toe kept him out of action , bringing Jeremy Lin off the bench and into the starting unit . On the home team 's end , Aaron Gordon was brought into the starting lineup in the hopes that he could provide a bit more production than veteran Channing Frye , while Victor Oladipo 's return from a knee ailment sent Evan Fournier into a reserve role . Unsurprisingly , it was the healthier Magic who appeared to have the game well in hand through three quarters , carrying a 94 - 79 advantage into the final period . However , a furious rally by the Hornets , spearheaded by Kemba Walker , allowed Charlotte to double up Orlando 30 - 15 in the fourth and almost walk away with the victory in regulation . Victor Oladipo managed to send the game into overtime with a crucial three - pointer with five seconds remaining , before the Hornets overcame some more heroics from the three - year pro to edge out the Magic . Walker tallied 40 points , including two key free throws in the final seconds of overtime , along with nine assists , seven rebounds , four steals and a block . One of his two turnovers almost helped erase his outstanding performance , as Oladipo managed to steal the ball from the Hornets ' point guard with 28 seconds remaining in overtime and slam it home on the other end to give the Magic a temporary 116 - 115 lead . Hawes turned in a solid effort in Zeller 's stead , tallying 16 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and a block . His final three points , a long - range bomb from the left corner , were particularly crucial , as they erased the aforementioned one - point Magic lead in overtime and gave Charlotte a 118 - 116 advantage they would n't relinquish . Marvin Williams made it two double - doubles in the frontcourt on the evening for the Hornets , compiling 11 points , 14 rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Troy Daniels paced the Charlotte reserves with 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . With the win , the Hornets still find themselves in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They now head home to face the New York Knicks on Saturday . Oladipo 's return sparked the Orlando offense , as he led the team with 29 points , four rebounds , three assists and the key steal from Walker . Tobias Harris was next in line with 22 points , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Nikola Vucevic tallied a double - double , posting 15 points , 12 rebounds , four assists , two steals and six blocks . Elfrid Payton got in on the act as well , registering 11 points , 10 assists and a steal . Gordon was productive across the stat sheet in his start , amassing 10 points , seven rebounds and four assists , including a key three - pointer in overtime off an Oladipo assist . Fournier contributed off the bench , leading the reserves with 15 points , two rebounds , two assists and a block . Despite the loss , the Magic still holds on to fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They face off against the Grizzlies in Memphis on Monday .
The Orlando Magic ( 21 - 25 ) scored 72 points in the second half and stormed past the Boston Celtics ( 27 - 22 ) Sunday night at Amway Center , 119 - 114 The Magic used a gigantic 38 - point fourth quarter fueled by 15 of Evan Fournier 's team - high 24 points to put away Boston and complete a comeback from a 54 - 47 halftime deficit . His explosive final quarter helped stave off a furious Celtics three - point attack , as they knocked down 16 of their 46 attempts from downtown in the losing effort . Fournier caught fire from the three - point line , as he went 4 - 5 from downtown to help get to 24 points in just 22 minutes of action off the bench . Aaron Gordon was a beast inside for the Magic , as he grabbed 14 rebounds and scored 19 points on an efficient 8 - 11 shooting night ( including 8 - 9 on two - point shots ) . The Magic were efficient inside and out , as they shot 42 percent ( 10 - 24 ) from three and 59 percent on two - point shots . Nikola Vucevic added a second Magic double - double with a 16 - point , 13 - rebound night . It was another bench player , Celtics guard Marcus Smart , who recorded the game high in points with 26 , fueled by a 5 - 9 effort from three - point land . Boston 's starting back court duo of Isaiah Thomas ( 23 points , four assists , 7 - 16 FG ) and Avery Bradley ( 22 points , 8 - 21 FG , three steals ) were the only Celtics starters to finish in double digits . Boston attempted only one more two - point shot ( 47 ) than three - point shots ( 46 ) , and they shattered their previous single - game high in three - point attempts by 11 . The Celtics will continue an Eastern Conference road trip Tuesday against the Knicks . The Magic head on the road for a Monday matchup against San Antonio .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 33 - 17 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 21 - 28 ) 107 - 93 on Friday . In a turnover - laden affair , the Clippers were able to secure the victory on the back of productive performances from across their roster . Four starters tallied double - digit scoring , while two members of the second unit accomplished the feat as well . The two teams combined for 40 turnovers , with Los_Angeles converting the 18 committed by the Magic into 30 points . A trio of Clippers guards - - Chris Paul , J.J. Redick and Jamal Crawford - - scored 20 points or better , and DeAndre Jordan had a double - double . Although the Magic made a run in the third quarter , Los_Angeles pulled away with a 30 - 20 final period to seal the road win . Paul led the way with 21 points , six assists , four rebounds and four steals . Redick and Crawford were next with a pair of 20 - point tallies , with the former adding three rebounds and a steal , and the latter supplying a rebound , two assists and three thefts . Jordan 's double - double consisted of 12 points , 18 rebounds , an assist , a steal and three blocks , while Paul Pierce added 12 points of his own and threw in a trio of rebounds , an assist and a steal . Lance Stephenson also had double - digit points from the bench , tallying 13 and complementing them with three assists , a rebound and a steal . The Clippers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They travel to Miami to take on the Heat on Super Bowl Sunday . Orlando was spearheaded by Victor Oladipo 's 18 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Tobias Harris and Nikola Vucevic each had a pair of 13 - point outings , and both were near double - doubles . Harris amassed eight rebounds as well , while Vucevic hauled in nine boards , four assists and a pair of steals . Evan Fournier was productive off the bench with a 16 - point effort that also included six rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home on Sunday to take on the Atlanta Hawks .
The Orlando Magic ( 22 - 28 ) nipped the Atlanta Hawks ( 30 - 23 ) 96 - 94 on Sunday . In what was a back - and - forth affair , the Magic awoke from a scoreless slumber at just the right time to secure the win . Having gone blank on the scoreboard over the preceding 3:40 of the fourth quarter , Orlando stole the victory with an 18 - foot shot from Nikola Vucevic off an inbounds pass from Elfrid Payton as the clock hit triple zeroes . Prior to the game - winner , the home team had squandered a 94 - 86 lead due to their lack of offensive proficiency . However , the Magic were still able to outperform the Hawks from the field , tallying a 46 percent success rate as compared to Atlanta 's 39 percent tally . They were also notably more efficient around the basket , outscoring the visitors in the paint by a margin of 42 - 28 . Both teams enjoyed double - digit scoring afternoons from all members of their respective starting fives , and the Magic also saw two of their young stars post double - doubles . Atlanta was led by Jeff Teague 's 24 points , which he supplemented with five assists , a rebound and a steal . Kent Bazemore was right behind him with a 23 - point haul , which was complemented with eight rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Paul Millsap had a near double - double with 14 points and nine rebounds , along with two assists , two steals and two blocks . However , he missed a jumper in the closing seconds that would have broken a 94 - 94 tie . Al Horford pitched in with 11 points , six boards , six assists and two blocks , while Kyle Korver contributed 10 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . The Hawks are currently in a first - place tie with the Miami Heat atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , with the result of the Miami Heat-Los Angeles Clippers game concluding later in the afternoon potentially dropping them to second . They head back to Atlanta for the back end of the home - and - home series with the Magic on Monday night . In addition to being the hero on the afternoon , Vucevic also led Orlando with a 22 - point , nine - rebound performance that included two assists and two steals . The stellar contributions helped make up for the team - high six turnovers he committed . Evan Fournier amassed 21 points , five boards , an assist and a pair of steals . Victor Oladipo supplied 19 points , five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Payton was outstanding in stuffing the stat sheet with 12 points , 12 assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block . Aaron Gordon rounded things out for the starting five with an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , two steals and four blocks , an outstanding all - around game after a pair of lackluster performances in the last two contests . The Magic remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're in Atlanta tomorrow for a rematch with the Hawks .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 45 - 8 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 23 - 29 ) 98 - 96 on Wednesday . It appeared to be business as usual for the Spurs through the game 's first 12 minutes , as they held a 29 - 23 lead over the underdog Magic after one period . Things turned quickly in the middle portion of the game however , as Orlando surprisingly outscored San_Antonio 56 - 38 over the second and third quarter . The visitors finally snapped back to life on both sides of the ball early in the fourth period , after falling behind by a margin of 81 - 67 with only 10:22 left in the game . The Spurs crawled their way back through the efforts of Kawhi Leonard , Danny Green , Patty Mills and LaMarcus Aldridge , with the foursome scoring the team 's final 31 points . With San_Antonio finally holding a 96 - 93 lead with with 15 seconds left , Evan Fournier drained a clutch three - point shot for Orlando to knot the game up at 96 , their first points since the 3:9 mark of the fourth quarter . However , Leonard insured the valiant comeback was n't in vain , draining a 19 - foot shot with 1 seconds left to give his team the 98 - 96 advantage . One very anxious moment remained , as Evan Fournier alertly found Elfrid Payton roaming free downcourt on the subsequent inbound pass . Payton attempted a desperation layup that banked too hard off the backboard and fell harmlessly to the floor , sending the Spurs home winners . San_Antonio was led by Leonard 's 29 points , to which he added seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Aldridge was next with 21 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Green contributed 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and a block . Tim Duncan notably returned from a multi - game absence and pitched in with five points , seven rebounds , five assists and three blocks . Mills was outstanding in pacing the reserves with 17 points , seven assists , six rebounds , two steals and a block . It was rare stat - sheet - stuffing performance for the normally scoring - dependent point guard . The Spurs remain comfortably atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're back in action after the All-Star break on Thursday , February 18th in Los Angeles against the Clippers . Orlando 's attack was spearheaded by Fournier 's 28 - point explosion , which was complemented with five assists and a pair of rebounds . Nikola Vucevic managed an impressive double - double against one of the toughest frontcourts in the league , tallying 20 points , 13 rebounds , five assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Victor Oladipo collected 14 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Payton had a solid game other than his untimely miss , posting 13 points , seven assists , six rebounds and two steals . Aaron Gordon was the only member of the starting five with single - digit scoring ( four points ) , but hauled in 14 rebounds , dished out three assists , recorded a steal and posted two blocks . Rookie Mario Hezonja had another strong game in a reserve role , pacing the bench with 12 points , an assist and a steal . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They resume play after the All-Star break on Friday , February 19th at home against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Orlando Magic ( 24 - 29 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 27 ) 110 - 104 in overtime on Friday . The game was one of wild swings , with the Magic initially ambushing the Mavs and holding a 31 - 13 advantage after one quarter . However , the visitors turned the tables in the middle periods , outscoring their hosts 68 - 41 over the second and third quarters to carry an 81 - 72 lead into the final 12 minutes . Orlando awoke from their slumber with the game on the line in a momentous fourth quarter , which included a pair of three - pointers from newly acquired Brandon Jennings . Evan Fournier finally tied matters at 98 with a driving layup at the 12 - second mark , and Dirk Nowitzki missed a 17 - footer as time ran out for the Mavs , sending the game into overtime . Fournier then got things going for Orlando in the extra period with a three - pointer , and Victor Oladipo added five of his 17 points on the night to help seal the victory . Veteran Deron Williams , apparently well - rested from the All-Star break , turned in one of his best performances of the season in pacing Dallas ' offense . He totaled 25 points , seven assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block . Chandler Parsons was right behind him with an outstanding all - around effort consisting of 24 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks . Dirk Nowitzki and Zaza Pachulia followed with a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the latter notably also hauling in 19 boards , dishing out two assists and recording three steals . J.J. Barea led the reserves with 15 points , two rebounds and a pair of assists , while Charlie Villanueva also managed double - digit scoring off the bench . The veteran amassed 11 points , and added three rebounds . The Mavericks remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home for a Sunday showdown with the Philadelphia 76ers . Orlando was spearheaded by a double - double from Nikola Vucevic , who managed 21 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Oladipo was a force on the glass in addition to his aforementioned 17 points , bringing down a season - high 14 boards . Aaron Gordon followed the flashiness of his performance in the Slam Dunk Competition with a more workmanlike effort of seven points , 11 rebounds , an assist and an outstanding six steals . The Magic bench made its presence considerably felt as well , with three players , two of them newcomers , posting double - digit points . Jennings led the way with 18 points , which he supplemented with four assists and three rebounds . Fellow new arrival and former Pistons teammate Ersan Ilyasova contributed 16 points , five rebounds , two assists and a steal . Mainstay Jason Smith pitched in with 11 points of his own , which were complemented with a trio of rebounds and a block . The Magic remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home again Sunday for a date with the Indiana Pacers .
The Indiana Pacers ( 30 - 25 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 24 - 30 ) 105 - 102 on Sunday . A tightly - contested affair neverthless featured a fair share of mistakes from both teams , and the victorius Pacers were actually more of a guilty party . Indiana committed 21 turnovers , 12 of which came from the starting five . However , four players from the first unit also managed double - digit scoring , as did two reserves , providing the visitors with a balanced attack . The Pacers also managed a 50 percent success rate from the field overall , and played solid defense on Victor Oladipo 's three - point attempt in the closing seconds to prevent the go - ahead basket . Rookie Myles Turner subsequently hauled in the key defensive rebound , and made two free throws to help seal the tough road triumph . Monta Ellis led the way for Indiana with 21 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Paul George was right behind him with 20 points of his own , complemented with six assists and four rebounds . Ian Mahinmi was strong down low for the second consecutive game , managing 14 points , nine rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Turner pitched in with 12 points , eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and three blocks . C.J. Miles paced the reserves with 14 points , while Jordan Hill supplied 13 points , 10 rebounds and a pair of assists off the bench as well . Indiana remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and is currently the fifth seed in the conference . They head to South Florida to take on the Miami Heat on Monday night . The Magic 's attack was spearheaded by Evan Fournier 's 23 points , to which he also added two assists , a rebound and a steal . Nikola Vucevic contributed a 19 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , while Oladipo registered 17 points , eight assists , seven rebounds , three steals and a pair of blocks . Aaron Gordon stepped up a second straight formidable effort on the glass , totaling 10 points , 11 boards , four assists and a steal . Newly acquired Brandon Jennings put together a second consecutive strong performance in pacing the reserves , contributing 12 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a pair of steals . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is currently four games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head to Philadelphia to face off against the Sixers on Tuesday night .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 52 - 5 ) continued their historic season with a 130 - 114 win over the Orlando Magic ( 25 - 31 ) on Thursday . Reigning MVP Steph Curry took over the game , scoring 51 points on 20 - for - 27 shooting including 10 three - pointers . Golden_State continues to dominate at an all - time level , with the win keeping them on track to break the 1995 - 96 Bulls ' regular season record of 72 - 10 . Leading the charge has been reigning MVP Steph Curry , who delivered perhaps his best performance of the season on Thursday night . Curry shot the lights out while also recording seven rebounds and eight assists . The game also marked Curry 's 128th consecutive outing with a made three - pointer , breaking the record for longest streak in NBA history . This may be unsurprising , though , as Curry is on track for countless all - time shooting records this year . With 266 three - pointers made this season , Curry is just 20 back from his own all - time record with 25 games remaining . Curry 's season is currently fourth all - time in terms of three - pointers made , with Ray Allen being the only name ahead of him that is not his own . Curry 's 32 PER is also on pace to break the single - season record held by Wilt Chamberlain . Now averaging 30 points per game , Curry is on pace to become just the second player of the 2010s to score in the 30s , after Kevin Durant . The star also figures to become the seventh member of the 50 - 40 - 90 club , as he boasts a shooting slash line of .508/.455/.912 . Though Curry stole the show , Golden_State saw solid performances top - to - bottom in Orlando . All-Star power forward Draymond Green made an impact on the defensive end with five steals while also dishing out eight assists on offense . As a team , Golden_State recorded a whopping 35 assists and was simply unconscious from the field , shooting an elite 60 percent . The Warriors also managed to edge out Orlando on the glass , in what was an all - around win for the NBA 's top team . Orlando , meanwhile , saw a solid and well - rounded effort against the reigning champs . All five members of the team 's starting lineup scored at least 12 points , and the team managed to force 20 turnovers from the movement - oriented Warriors . Sophomore Aaron Gordon , who entered the starting lineup following the deadline trade of forward Tobias Harris , went for 19 points and eight rebounds on 9 - for - 14 shooting . Gordon made a name for himself on All-Star weekend as runner - up in the highly - rated Sprite Slam Dunk Contest , and he has played plenty of minutes since . He is averaging 12 points , 10 rebounds , and 3 steals since the All-Star break . The Warriors face a primetime matchup in Oklahoma City on Saturday night . The Magic will visit New York to take on the Knicks on Friday .
The Orlando Magic ( 27 - 33 ) comfortably took down the struggling Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 30 ) on Wednesday night , winning 102 - 89 . Rookie Mario Hezonja played a team - high 37 minutes en route to a career - high 21 points . The Croation wing was taken with the fifth overall pick in the most recent NBA draft , and had arguably the strongest performance of his young career against Chicago . Hezonja hit three three - pointers and pulled down five rebounds while not recording a single turnover in the game . Teammate Nikola Vucevic , however , was the team leader in points scored , recording 24 on the night . Breakout sophomore Aaron Gordon continued his streak of impressive play , notching a 13 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . For the Bulls , the loss is the fourth in a row and puts them a game outside the Eastern Conference playoff picture . The Bulls remain without All-Star Jimmy Butler , and his absence has shown , as the team has now allowed 100 or more points in 15 consecutive games . No Bull scored more than 16 in Orlando , and the team shot just 38 percent on the night . Orlando also established a sizable 51 - 43 advantage on the glass , as Chicago 's big men simply could not perform on Wednesday . Chicago 's next matchup will come on Saturday , as they host the equally disappointing Houston Rockets . The Magic will host the free - falling Phoenix Suns on Friday .
The Orlando Magic ( 29 - 37 ) defeated the similarly - positioned Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 40 ) on Tuesday , 116 - 110 . Shooting guard Evan Fournier exploded for 30 points to lead the way to the win . Fournier dropped in five three - pointers and shot 11 - for - 19 on the whole , en route to a game - high scoring performance . Also impressive was big man Jason Smith , who came off the bench for 25 points and 13 rebounds while turning the ball over just once . Smith shot 10 - for - 15 , contributing to Orlando 's impressive 54 percent shooting from the field . Orlando also dished out 28 assists , demonstrating impressive team ball movement . Denver 's high - scoring night was bolstered by strong bench play . Four members of the second unit scored in double - digits , with strong Sixth Man of the Year candidate Will Barton leading the bench with 15 points . Trade deadline acquisition D.J. Augustin scored 12 while also dishing eight assists and grabbing three steals . On the whole , Denver shot a solid 50 percent from the field ; however , the team could not get it done on the defensive end , holding a disadvantage both in terms of shooting splits and turnovers allowed . Denver will next see the court on Thursday in Atlanta , while Orlando will visit Charlotte on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 49 - 19 ) defeated the host Orlando Magic ( 29 - 39 ) 109 - 103 , Friday evening at Amway Center . The Cavaliers withstood a spectacular effort by Victor Oladipo in order to edge the Magic . Oladipo recorded a career - high 45 points on spectacular 16 - 22 shooting from the field . The game went back and forth , with 13 lead changes but the Cavs took control down the stretch , after a 14 - 3 run late in the fourth quarter . Cleveland has now won five of its last six games and its last 15 against Orlando . This marks Orlando 's sixth loss in eight games and its second in a row . The Magic came into this game five games out of eighth place in the East but their window of opportunity is closing fast . Five players scored in double digits for the Cavaliers , while they shot 50 percent as a team . Kyrie Irving led the way with 26 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and five assists , in 40 minutes . However , Kyrie also led the team in turnovers , with five . Tristan Thompson was a force off the bench , as he gobbled up 15 rebounds , along with 11 points , four steals , two blocked shots and one assist , in 28 minutes . LeBron James chipped in a cool 18 points , eight assists and seven rebounds , in 36 minutes . Cleveland gave up 19 turnovers , but managed to overcome that by rebounding , passing and shooting well . Victor Oladipo put on a show , tallying a career - high 45 points ( 16 - 22 FG , 6 - 7 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , along with five rebounds , three assists , three steals and two blocked shots , in 39 minutes . Evan Fournier added 18 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , four rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 36 minutes , while Aaron Gordon chipped in seven points , 10 rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . Orlando shot 50 percent from deep but fell short after Cleveland 's fourth quarter run . Next , the Magic begin a four - game road trip with a match in Toronto on Sunday . The Cavaliers will finish up a back - to - back with a match in Miami on Saturday .
The Orlando Magic ( 30 - 43 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 36 ) 111 - 89 at Amway Center on Saturday . The Magic dropped 36 points in the first quarter on their home court and did not look back , easily handling Chicago throughout the rest of the game . Orlando dominated the rebounding battle ( 50 - 40 ) and shot 53 percent from the field through impressive floor spacing . Dewayne Dedmon led all scorers in the contest with 18 points on an impressive 9 - of - 14 shooting , while Elfrid Payton added a double - double with 15 points and 10 assists . The Magic bench saw Andrew Nicholson and Brandon Jennings each score 14 points , and the depth helped stave off any chance the Bulls had at pulling the game within reach . The Bulls are a banged up squad at this point in the season with Jimmy Butler ( knee ) contemplating surgery to repair his knee and Pau Gasol ( knee ) both not playing at 100 percent . Derrick Rose was charged with leading the group , but underwhelmed with nine points , three rebounds and two assists on 1 - of - 4 shooting . Taj Gibson received increased minutes in his starting role and added 16 points and three rebounds on 8 - of - 9 shooting . Chicago shot just over 40 percent as a unit , and are now on the outside looking in to the NBA playoffs . The Bulls will host the Atlanta Hawks ( 43 - 30 ) on Monday , while the Magic host the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 51 ) on Tuesday .
The host Orlando Magic ( 31 - 43 ) absolutely rolled over the visiting Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 3 ) on Tuesday , winning 139 - 105 . Eight players scored in double - digits for Orlando in what was an absolutely crushing win . The Magic shot the lights out , hitting 62 percent of their shots and racking up an absurd 139 points in four quarters . Sophomore Aaron Gordon led the starting lineup with 20 points , while point guard Elfrid Payton had an 11 - point , 12 - assist double - double . The team sank 14 shots from beyond the arc and was simply unstoppable all - around . Despite the insignificance of the matchup for the Eastern Conference playoff picture , it was one of Orlando 's strongest showings of the year . The Nets , meanwhile , could not mirror Orlando 's good luck . Star center Brook Lopez had just five points while veteran forward Thaddeus Young took the night off for rest , leading to a thin frontcourt for Brooklyn . The team shot a respectable 47 percent but was simply outmatched from the floor . Turnovers also posed an issue for Brooklyn , as the team coughed the ball up 18 times in total . Both teams will take to the road on Thursday , with the Nets visiting Cleveland and Orlando taking on Indiana .
The Orlando Magic ( 33 - 44 ) defeated the visiting Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 36 ) 119 - 107 , at the Amway Center on Sunday . The Grizzlies continue to struggle as they piled up their sixth loss in a row , this time to a feisty Orlando squad who have now won three straight at home and four of five overall . After a huge 38 - point second quarter , the Magic continued the intensity into the second half , to lead by as many as 20 points in the third quarter . The Grizzlies managed to cut into the lead and make it a 10 - point game with three minutes left , but the Magic hit two of their 10 made three - pointers in the last minute to put the game far out of reach . Three players scored over 20 points for Orlando as the Magic 's offense was rolling in this one . Nikola Vucevic led the way with a game - high 25 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 5 - 7 FT ) , along with 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one blocked shot , in 32 minutes off the bench . Evan Fournier followed up with 22 points , while Victor Oladipo added 22 points of his own , to go along with seven rebounds and two assists . The Magic took goo care of the ball , with only 10 turnovers , while shooting 48 percent from the field and 39 percent from long range . Seven players contributed double digits in the points column for the Grizzlies but it was not enough to get them out of Orlando with a win . The Grizzlies came into this one barely hanging on to fifth place in the West , while another couple of losses could even have them slip beyond eighth place , if Houston , Utah and Dallas keep winning , that is . Matt Barnes was the only player to score at least 20 points for Memphis , as he finished with 24 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) . JaMychal Green finished with 11 points and 10 rebounds , in 30 minutes off the bench , while Zach Randolph finished with 15 points , seven rebounds and seven assists , in 32 minutes . Next , the Grizzlies host the Bulls , who are also desperate for wins , on Tuesday The Magic will host the Pistons on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 42 - 37 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 33 - 45 ) on Wednesday , 108 - 104 , moving to a half game from clinching the playoffs . A Detroit win or Chicago loss will vault the Pistons into the playoffs following Wednesday 's win . The Pistons have struggled on the road all season , going just 17 - 23 away from home , and Wednesday was no exception . The struggling Magic pushed the Pistons to the very end , requiring a big fourth quarter from Detroit to eek out the win . Big defensive playmaking was key for Detroit , as center Andre Drummond delivered four huge blocked shots and guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope came up with a trio of steals . The other key difference in Wednesday 's contest was three - point shooting . Detroit sank 11 shots from behind the arc , while Orlando was held to just 4 - for - 15 from deep . Orlando , meanwhile , has been long since eliminated from playoff contention . Things heated up a little too late for the Magic , as the team won four of its last five before Wednesday 's contest . Center Nikola Vucevic came off the bench on Wednesday , but still managed to contribute 15 points and 13 rebounds . Breakout star Evan Fournier , meanwhile , scored 19 despite going 0 - for - 5 from three - point territory . Both teams will host matchups on Friday , with the Magic hosting the Heat and the Pistons facing the Wizards .
The Orlando Magic ( 34 - 45 ) defeated the visiting Miami Heat ( 46 - 33 ) 112 - 109 , Friday evening at Amway Center . The Heat came into this game in fifth place , only half a game behind the third place Hawks and half a game ahead of the sixth place Hornets , but the Magic put a damper on the Heat as they managed to keep them from making any progress in the Eastern Conference standings . Evan Fournier and Nikola Vucevic combined for 57 points as they led the Magic in a valiant effort to avoid a third season - sweep by the Heat in the last four seasons . Fournier finished with 28 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 12 - 15 FT ) , seven assists , seven rebounds and one steal , in a whopping 46 minutes . Nikola Vucevic tallied a game - high 29 points ( 12 - 20 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) , along with six rebounds , two blocked shots , one assist and one steal , in 35 minutes . Victor Oladipo tallied 13 points and four rebounds , in 28 minutes before he had to leave the game in the third quarter after taking an elbow to the face . Elfrid Payton notched a double - double with 16 points and 10 assists , along with three rebounds and one steal , in 37 minutes . The Heat had seven players score in double digits and had the game tied with 30 seconds left thanks to a clutch three - pointer from Joe Johnson , but could not execute on their last possession after Orlando had re - claimed the lead . Dwyane Wade was the high - point man for the Heat as he dropped 17 points , along with five assists , in 31 minutes . Hassan Whiteside put in work down low as he finished with 13 points , 16 rebounds and four blocked shots , in 28 minutes off the bench . Luol Deng also finished with a double - double , including 10 points and 10 rebounds , in 32 minutes . The Heat missed 10 free throws in the game , an awful stat in a three - point loss . These two teams meet again for the second of a home - and - home series on Sunday , in Miami .
The Maverick 's welcomed the Clippers to Dallas on Wednesday and won 118 - 108 . The result lifted them to a .500 record at 4 - 4 , while the Clippers fall to 5 - 3 overall . The contest was highly anticipated due to it being Deandre Jordan 's first game in Dallas since this past summer 's controvsial decision . The controversy surrounded him backing out of signing with Dallas following a verbal commitment during the NBA 's free agency moratorium period . Judging by the crowd 's reaction , they had n't forgot about it either . Jordan 's nine points ( 3 - 5 FG , 3 - 9 FT ) , 11 boards , and one blocked shot in 27 minutes were n't enough for the Clippers . Six starters for Los_Angeles scored in double figures , including Blake Griffin who chipped in a team high 21 . Chris Paul provided the team 's only double - double with 11 points and 11 assists , while his backup Austin Rivers helped out with 16 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals , and two triples in 27 minutes . The Clippers will look to turn things around Thursday in Pheonix . Dallas was led by Dirk Nowitzki 's vintage 31 points ( 11 - 14 FG , 5 - 6 3PT , 4 - 5 FT ) , and 11 boards . Wesley Matthews had his best game as a Maverick as he continues to work his way back from tearing his Achilles last spring . He tallied 25 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3PT , 4 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , three assists , and one steal in 33 minutes . All five starters scored in double figures . Dallas will welcome Staple Center 's other tenant Friday night .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 4 ) continued thier hot start to the season and grabbed their sixth win in a row Friday night as they beat the Utah Jazz ( 6 - 6 ) 102 - 93 . It was a close game but Dallas ' 35 - 17 second quarter gave them a big enough cushion to be able to maintain the lead for the whole second half . Utah was led by Gordon Hayward who finished with 22 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Hayward shot a strong 8 - 14 from the field and 2 - 4 from deep . Derrick Favors had another big night for the Jazz with 18 points on 9 - 14 shooting , seven rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert was looking healthy in his third game back after being out with an ankle injury . Gobert tallied 12 rebounds and eight points in 35 minutes . Alec Burks did not shoot well , going 4 - 14 and 1 - 5 from deep , but went 6 - 6 from the free - throw line and finished with 15 points in 30 minutes off the bench . The Jazz as a team had a meagre 14 assists on 35 made field goals . Dirk Nowitzki had lots of help from his teammates but that did not stop him from putting in work of his own against the agile Utah big men on Friday night . Dirk finished with 19 points on efficient 8 - 12 shooting , including 3 - 3 from long range ; he also had four rebounds , two assists and three blocks in 32 minutes . Deron Williams led the Mavs in scoring with 23 points , on 7 - 13 shooting , along with eight assists , six rebounds and three steals . Zaza Pachulia is still getting it done as he put up a formidable 15 points and 12 rebounds in 38 minutes for the Mavericks . Dirk and Zaza have to be one of the oldest starting front - courts in the league but that has not seemed to be a problem so far this season . Next up for Dallas is a visit to OKC on Sunday where they will look to prove their rank as one of the top dogs in the West . Meanwhile , Utah is going to catch OKC on the second night of a back to back as OKC visits on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 10 - 7 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 11 ) 92 - 81 thanks to a horrible third quarter by Denver . The Mavericks and Nuggets were in a tightly - contested battle at halftime , but something drastic happened to alter the result . The Nuggets did n't show up in the third quarter and they put up some mind boggling stats . Denver started the quarter going 0 - for - 14 with six turnovers and failed to score in the first nine minutes . That started a 160 run for Dallas and they never looked back after that . The turnovers were a problem as well , as Dallas won that battle 20 - 13 . A five - point third quarter proved to be the difference in a frustrating loss for the Nuggets . Scoring 29 points in the second half simply wo n't get it done in the NBA and that 's just what the Nuggets did . The team was led by Darrell Arthur , who tallied 16 points , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the defeat . Kenneth Faried did make his return after a three - game absence due to an ankle injury , but played just 14 minutes . Denver has now scored 161 points over their last two games and this is obviously not the potent up - tempo Denver offense of the past . They 'll look to get out of this six - game skid when they play another struggling team in the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday . Dallas played some fantastic defense en route to an impressive win on Saturday . The surprise start for Dallas has to be credited to Zaza Pachulia , who put in yet another great game . Pachulia collected 16 points , 12 rebounds and three steals to pick up his 10th double - double of the season . Deron Williams also had a nice game , as he amassed 22 points , four assists and four rebounds in the win . The Mavericks had 13 steals in the game and they forced the Nuggets into bad shots time after time . This is n't the prettiest team in the NBA , but they 're certainly dangerous and a threat in the West . Dallas will play the Sacramento Kings on Monday in their next scheduled game .
The Houston Rockets ( 9 - 11 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 11 - 9 ) by a score of 100 - 96 , in Dallas on Friday night . This intrastate grudge match was a battle right from the start , with 20 lead changes in the game and the score tied in the last minute . A clutch shot that bounced all over the rim before falling for James Harden gave the Rockets what they needed to seal the deal . Houston has now won four of their last five . James Harden was flirting with a triple - double as he led the way for Houston with 25 points , nine assists and eight rebounds . He also recorded two blocked shots . Trevor Ariza was efficient with 18 points on 7 - 10 shooting , including 4 - 7 from deep , along with six rebounds , four steals , one assist and one block . Terrence Jones chipped in 17 points and nine rebounds . Houston shot an impressive 46 percent from the three - point range but a poor 55 percent from the free throw line . Dwight Howard sat this one out to catch up on some needed rest . Dirk Nowitzki logged a double - double , finishing with 16 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and two steals . The Mavericks were led in scoring by Deron Williams who tallied 22 points , along with six assists and two steals . Williams however , turned the ball over eight times . Devin Harris came up big in 19 minutes off the bench with 15 points on 6 - 7 shooting from the field . The Mavs shot a poor 8 - 29 from deep , which can be seen as the difference in this one . Next up for the Mavs will be a match in Washington on Sunday . The Rockets will not have a break before hosting Sacramento on Saturday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 9 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 13 - 10 ) 98 - 95 on Wednesday in a tight game throughout . This was a fantastic game for even the most neutral of viewers . No team led by more than six points all game and there were tons of ties and lead changes . In fact , there were 20 lead changes and 11 ties in the game . The final few minutes was the big difference , as Atlanta went on a 9 - 2 run to end the game . Atlanta shot 48 percent from the field , but were lucky to win this game . They were out - hustled all evening long and allowed way too many offensive rebounds . The best player for Atlanta on this night was Paul Millsap , who tallied 20 points , 11 rebounds , five assists in three steals in the win . Eight players scored at least seven points in the victory and that 's a good indication of how deep this Hawks team can be . They 'll look to build off this impressive road win when they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back . Dallas shot horribly in this game , but they hung in with their grittiness and hustle . The Mavericks set a season - high with 19 offensive rebounds and attacked the glass all game long . Unfortunately for them , they shot just 36 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . Zaza Pachulia was fantastic yet again , as he recorded yet another double - double with 11 points and 17 rebounds . Deron Williams also had a great all - around game , as he contributed 18 points , seven rebounds ans six assists in the defeat . Dallas will look to shoot better when they host the Washington Wizards on Saturday in their next scheduled game .
The Washington Wizards ( 10 - 12 ) outlasted the Dallas Mavericks ( 13 - 11 ) 114 - 111 on Saturday . Washington found out before the game that starting shooting guard Bradley Beal will miss a minimum of two weeks with what is being termed as an initial - stage stress reaction in his lower right fibula . The development thrust Garrett Temple into the starting lineup in Beal 's stead , a situation that the six - year pro had played well in earlier this season . It also figured to add more offensive responsibility to Beal 's backcourt mate John Wall and small forward Otto Porter , Jr . Both responded in fine fashion Saturday , with Wall posting his fourth consecutive 26 - point outing and adding a season - high 16 assists . It was the All-Star point guard 's third consecutive double - double , and he also drained two key free throws in the closing seconds to extend a razor - thin 112 - 111 lead to the final margin of victory . Meanwhile , Porter managed a career - high 28 points and four three - pointers , also a high - water mark . The visitors also benefited from Marcin Gortat 's fifth double - double in six games , with the nine - year pro tallying 14 points and 12 rebounds . Jared Dudley also pitched in with 13 points , and Ramon Sessions paced the Washington bench with 17 points and six assists . Overall , the Wizards outplayed the normally fast - paced Mavericks at their own game , amassing 31 fast - break points to Dallas ' 14 . Washington improved to 11 - 12 but remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Monday . The Mavericks received another outstanding effort from the resurgent Wesley Matthews , who continues to round back into form after the Achilles surgery that cut short his 2014 - 15 campaign in Portland . Matthews poured in 28 points and was 6 - for - 11 from beyond the arc , his second - best total from long range this season . J.J. Barea was actually the second - highest scorer for Dallas and accomplished it in a reserve role , amassing 21 points over 29 minutes in his second game back after an ankle injury . Zaza Pachulia and Raymond Felton posted a double - double and triple - double , respectively , with the former collecting 10 points and 12 rebounds and the latter tallying 10 points , 11 rebounds and 11 assists . Dirk Nowitzki pitched in with 13 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists . Dallas dropped to 13 - 11 and is currently in a second - place tie with Memphis in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They remain home to face the Suns on Monday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 18 - 13 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 12 - 20 ) 103 - 93 on Monday night . Dallas led 34 - 24 after the first quarter and never relinquished the lead after that . The Bucks came into this game as the worst rebounding team in the NBA , but actually outrebounded Dallas 52 - 34 in the loss . They also outshot Dallas and that 's a rare sight to see a team win when getting outrebounded and outshot . The difference for the Mavericks were the turnovers , as they committed just four to the Bucks 17 . Milwaukee has been terrible on the road all season and they didn’t play great here . No player scored more than 19 points and the team had a lack of offensive execution that was clearly evident . In fact , Milwaukee had just 14 assists and that 's not good enough in an NBA game . Jerryd Bayless made his return from injury and played brilliantly , contributing 19 points and seven assists off the bench . The road woes are a big worry for this team and it 'll likely get worse on Tuesday when they have to take on the Thunder in Oklahoma City . This was one of the first games all year that the team got a full complement of minutes from all of its players . Wesley Matthews and Chandler Parsons both suffered devastating injuries last season , but they both started here and played at least 30 minutes for the first time together . Matthews scored a team - high 22 points and continues to play great defense . The most underrated acquisition from the summer was Zaza Pachulia though , as he had another great game on Monday . Pachulia amassed 17 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win . This team was expected to have a down year , but these veterans simply wo n't allow that to happen . Dallas has a tough task in their next game when they host the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 19 - 13 ) upset the Golden_State Warriors ( 29 - 2 ) 114 - 91 on Wednesday night . Dallas looked like they came into this game on a mission and they sent a message to the rest of the NBA . The one asterisk to the win was that they beat the Warriors without Stephen Curry . The Golden_State offense really struggled without him and it was clear they were missing his presence . Dallas took an 18 - point lead into the half and never looked back after that , outscoring them in every quarter . Dallas also dominated the rebounding and shooting , as they outrebounded Golden_State 52 - 37 and shot 51 percent from the field and 52 percent from long distance . This team without Stephen Curry simply didn’t look like the same team . No player stepped up in his absence and the offense really had a tough time of getting things flowing . No player scored more than 12 points in the loss outside of a garbage - time 21 from Ian Clark and the defense was lacking as well . Draymond Green was also hampered by an injury and that was evident by his subpar performance . Green and Klay Thomson combined to shoot 8 - for - 30 in the loss and that’s simply not good enough with no Curry in the lineup . Golden_State will look to bounce - back against the Houston Rockets on Thursday . The Mavericks got a great effort from everyone , as five different players scored at least 13 points . In the absence of Deron Williams , J.J. Barea has been playing brilliantly . In this game , he scored 23 points and dished out six assists . The unsung hero on this team is Zaza Pachulia though , who recorded yet another double - double here with 14 points and 15 rebounds . Pachulia now ranks fifth in the NBA with 17 double - doubles this season and has been one of the best offseason acquisitions at a bargain price . Dallas will look to keep the momentum going on Friday against the Miami Heat in their next scheduled game .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 22 ) narrowly defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 19 - 15 ) on Saturday , 105 - 98 . New_Orleans has been plagued by injury all season , a trend that continued in Dallas as small forward Tyreke Evans ( knee ) sat out with tendinitis in his right knee . Despite Evans 's absence , the team was able to walk away with a much - needed win . Fourth-year superstar Anthony Davis was dominant , pouring in 31 points and pulling down 14 rebounds for the double - double . Davis is averaging 23 points and 11 rebounds per game , and is second in the league in double - doubles to Detroit 's Andre Drummond . Unlike New_Orleans , Dallas has looked strong through the first third of the season . The team handed Golden State their second loss of the season on Wednesday , and stands at second place in the Southwest division . Aging superstar Dirk Nowitzki lit up New_Orleans for 24 points , but his effort was not enough to top the young and up - tempo Pelicans . Dallas will play again on Tuesday , taking on the Sacramento Kings . New_Orleans , meanwhile , will not play again until they see the Mavericks at home on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 27 - 9 ) beat the Dallas Mavericks ( 22 - 17 ) 110 - 107 in an overtime thriller on Tuesday . Dallas has made a living off winning the turnover battle this season , but it was dominated in that department Tuesday . The Mavericks committed 16 turnovers to the Cavaliers ' nine and that was ultimately the difference in the game . The Mavericks actually shot nearly 50 percent from the field which far outweighed the 41 percent Cleveland shot , but the Cavs simply made more big plays in overtime to pull out the big win . Cleveland is happy to have Kyrie Irving back in the fold and that couldn’t have been more evident than with this performance here . Not only did he hit a huge three late in OT , he finished the game with 22 points and nine assists . LeBron James was the star of the show though , as he tallied 27 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists in another MVP-type performance . Only four bench players played for the Cavs , but the three who played at least 20 minutes all scored in double - figures . On deck for the Cavaliers is a fantastic matchup , in which they 'll stay in Texas to take on a San Antonio Spurs team that has yet to lose at home this season . The Mavericks continue to be an undervalued team and they nearly pulled off a huge win here . In fact , the last six times they have been an underdog by six or more points , they have covered five of those games including this one here . It was the starters that carried the load for this deep Dallas team , as the five of them combined for 83 points . Chandler Parsons scored a season - high 25 points and also grabbed eight rebounds in a great game . Deron Williams , Dirk Nowitzki and Zaza Pachulia all recorded double - doubles in what 's been bounce - back years for all three of these veterans . This does go down as a loss in the record book , but other teams are surely taking note of the Mavs continuous quality play . Dallas will look to keep up the good ball against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday in their next game . Keep in mind that that matchup will be the second half of a back - to - back and some starters may be rested after this overtime loss .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 24 - 19 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 22 - 20 ) 118 - 113 in overtime at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The battle between two playoff caliber teams produced fireworks on Monday with a neck - and - neck second half and overtime period that eventually went in favor of the home town Mavericks . With :34 remaining in the 4th quarter , Jared Sullinger blocked Raymond Felton’s floater , resulting in a Jae Crowder fast break layup to take a one point lead . A pair of Dirk Nowitzki free throws and Deron Williams free throws followed on the next two possessions , giving Dallas a three point advantage with :15 left . Boston inbounded and worked the ball to Jae Crowder , who pulled up for a 3 - point shot and was fouled on his follow through by Raymond Felton . Felton writhed on the ground after what looked to be a vicious , yet accidental , eye poke . Crowder sank all three from the charity stripe , forcing overtime . The overtime period was dominated by Deron Williams , who scored 10 points , including back - to - back 3 - pointers and an assist to Dirk Nowitzki in the corner for a third straight trey . Williams hot hand resulted in 20 points ( 7 - of - 17 FG , 2 - of - 5 3PT , 4 - of - 4 FT ) , five rebounds and six assists in 36 minutes . Nowitzki turned back the clock and led all scorers with 31 points , to go along with 11 rebounds . Wes Matthews helped the Mavs to get a solid first half lead with 15 points on 3 - of - 8 from behind the arc , but was mostly positioned in a defensive role down the stretch . The Mavericks will take a day off before hosting the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 29 ) on Wednesday . Brad Stevens continues to draw up crafty plays and facilitate a growing offense in the Eastern Conference . The Celtics produced six players in double figures , led by Isiah Thomas’ 20 points , four rebounds and seven assists . The 5’8” point guard sliced and diced his way through the Mavericks defense , often disappearing amongst the big men and either finishing at the rim or dishing it out to Avery Bradley behind the arc . Bradley scored 19 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting from deep , while Marcus Smart turned in an all around , stat stuffed performance with 20 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two steals . Boston would not quit after Williams and Nowitzki all but sank their chances , as Kelly Olynyk and Jared Sullinger turned in a couple of buckets towards the end of the overtime period , but it was not enough to come away with a win . The Celtics will head north and visit the Toronto Raptors ( 26 - 15 ) on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 19 ) defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 31 ) 106 - 94 in overtime at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . This game was close the whole way , tied at halftime and tied at the end of 48 . However , Dallas turned it up for the overtime period , outscoring the Timberwolves 17 - 5 to win its second consecutive in OT . The Mavs were shorthanded , missing Dirk Nowitzki ( knee ) , and Raymond Felton ( eye ) . Zaza Pachulia was listed as questionable , with a sore Achilles but ended up starting and logging 12 points ( 4 - 7 FG ) , four rebounds and three steals , in his 33 minutes . Chandler Parsons carried the offensive load for Dallas . He led all scorers with 30 points ( 13 - 20 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , along with eight rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 45 long minutes . Wesley Matthews finished with 15 points ( 6 - 16 FG ) , six rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 40 minutes . Dallas got beat in almost every category , as the Timberwolves shot better , had more rebounds , assists and blocks . However , the Mavericks had 11 steals and forced Minnesota into 17 turnovers , which was enough to give them the edge . Karl-Anthony Towns had perhaps the best game of his short career thus far . Towns finished with 27 points ( 12 - 19 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , 17 rebounds , six blocked shots , three assists and one steal , in 36 minutes . Andrew Wiggins tallied 23 points ( 9 - 17 FG ) , seven rebounds and three assists , in 40 minutes . Shabazz Muhammad was impactful in 35 minutes off the bench , finishing with 14 points ( 6 - 16 FG ) and seven rebounds . Although , the Timberwolves did a good job competing in Dallas , too many turnovers meant their woes continue , as they are now 1 - 9 in their last 10 . Minnesota will have a couple days rest before the Grizzlies come to town on Saturday . The Mavericks will have their hands full when they host the surging OKC Thunder on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 33 - 12 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 20 ) 109 - 106 , on Friday night at American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Thunder managed to extend their win steak to seven games despite having lost their previous three games in Dallas . Oklahoma_City was up by as many as 17 in the fourth quarter but the Mavericks battled back to bring themselves within one , with one minute remaining . Kevin Durant responded with a clutch jumper to put the Thunder up by three . The Mavs missed their next shot but an offensive foul called on Serge Ibaka gave them a second chance to go for the tie . They ended up getting three attempts from long range , thanks to some offensive rebounding but missed all three . Oklahoma had six players score in double digits , three of them off the bench . Kevin Durant led the way in scoring , with 24 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , seven assists , three rebounds and two blocked shots , in 38 minutes . Russell Westbrook was busy filling the stat sheet , as he finished with 16 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , two steals and one block , in 34 minutes . Enes Kanter tallied 16 points ( 7 - 10 FG ) and nine rebounds , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Thunder were missing Steven Adams , who sat out with a sore elbow . The Mavericks had their two - game win streak halted by this loss . Chandler Parsons , who was big in those previous two games , finished with a team - high 26 points ( 8 - 16 FG . 4 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , along with five rebounds and three assists , in 36 minutes . Deron Williams added 22 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes . Dirk Nowitzki returned to the line up after missing a game with a sore knee and tallied 14 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt ) , two rebounds , two blocked shots , one assist and one steal , in 29 minutes . The Mavericks will begin a three - game road trip in Houston on Sunday . The Thunder will enter the second game of their current four - game road trip when they face the Nets on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 22 ) used a strong defensive effort to defeat the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 35 ) Sunday night at American Airlines Center , 91 - 78 . Dallas held the Suns to just 37 percent shooting , including a rough 5 - 23 ( 22 percent ) from three . The Mavericks really clamped down in the fourth quarter , as Phoenix mustered just nine points in the final period , as Markief Morris was the only Suns player to score in the quarter . The defensive effort allowed the Mavericks to record the win despite star Dirk Nowitzki resting as Dallas is keeping him out of back - to - back games . Mavericks point guard Deron Williams turned in a vintage performance , as he dropped a game - high 27 points on 10 - 19 shooting and dished four assists . Chandler Parsons scored 15 points on 5 - 14 shooting and Zaza Pachulia grabbed a game - high 15 rebounds ( four offensive ) . It was a slog for Dallas , as they shot just 40 percent and made just 8 of 29 three - pointers ( 28 percent ) . Devin Booker led the suns with 19 points and filled up the box score with seven rebounds , four assists and a blocked shot . Tyson Chandler was efficient with 12 points on 6 - 8 shooting and 13 rebounds ( five offensive ) , and Markieff Morris scored 13 points and added four assists , four rebounds and four steals off the bench . The Suns committed 19 turnovers and recorded just 13 assists as their offense struggled to get in gear . The Mavericks head on the road for a Monday matchup with Atlanta . Phoenix will return home to face Toronto on Tuesday .
The Miami Heat ( 28 - 22 ) picked up a road win over the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 24 ) Wednesday at American Airlines Center , 93 - 90 . Neither team had their shooting stroke going , as the Heat shot just 42 percent from the floor and the Mavericks mustered just a 39 percent mark . Miami made just 2 of their 15 three - point attempts , but they stepped up on defense with 11 blocked shots as they kept the Mavericks supporting cast beyond Dirk Nowitzki from getting in any sort of a rhythm . Chris Bosh had a poor shooting night ( 10 - 23 FG , 0 - 6 3PT ) but med the Heat with 20 points . Dwyane Wade similarly could n't find the stroke ( 6 - 19 FG ) but was efficient at the free throw line ( 6 - 8 FT ) and finished with 18 points . Hassan Whiteside was a huge spark off the bench , as he scored 10 points ( 5 - 5 FG ) , grabbed nine rebounds and blocked five shots in just 17 minutes of action . Nowitzki had the best offensive night of any player on the floor , as he scored a game - high 28 points on 10 - 21 shooting , including a perfect 2 - 2 from three - point land . Zaza Pachulia chipped in an efficient 10 points ( 4 - 7 FG ) and 15 rebounds ( four offensive ) with four assists . But the Mavericks just could n't find the second scorer to help out Nowitzki , as Chandler Parsons finished second on the Mavericks in points with just 12 ( 4 - 13 FG ) . The Mavericks shot 8 - 20 ( 40 percent ) from three but a brutal 39 percent on two - pointers , and their inefficiency inside cost them a chance to win . Miami will continue their road trip with a Friday game in Charlotte . The Mavericks welcome the Spurs for a Southwest Division clash Friday at home .
The Utah Jazz ( 26 - 25 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 29 - 26 ) 121 - 119 in overtime at American Airlines Center on Tuesday thanks to a long buzzer - beating two - pointer from Gordon Hayward . The win marks Utah 's seventh in a row . Over the course of the win streak , the Jazz have owned the NBA 's best defense , holding opponents to an average of under 87 points per game . The win against Dallas , however , improves Utah 's record to just 2 - 18 when their opponents score 100 or more points . The defense - minded team managed to change their gameplan to defeat Dallas , however , shooting a high percentage and keeping an up - tempo offense . Rising star Rodney Hood led the Jazz with 29 points . Hood has seen an increased role for Utah in his sophomore season , as he has received an uptick in minutes and shot attempts . Hood led the team with 26 field goal attempts against Dallas in 43 minutes , while also pulling down five rebounds and dishing five assists . Despite being the offensive center of attention , Hood did not commit a turnover . Small forward Gordon Hayward also came up huge for Utah , scoring 20 points including a game - winning fadeaway . Hayward has led Utah with an average of 20 points per game in 2015 - 16 . Despite the extended playing time , the normally prolific shot - blocking Jazz frontcourt only managed to send back two shots , while Dallas recorded just one block as a team in 53 minutes . The Mavericks have now lost four of their last five , and are increasingly in danger of losing ground to Utah and Portland in the Western Conference playoff race . The overimte loss came at an unfavorable time for the sliding Mavs , who could be sitting just one game out of the lottery by the All-Star break . Dallas did not go down without a fight , however . Small forward Chandler Parsons led the team with 24 points on 8 - for - 16 shooting while also recording a block and a steal . Point guard Deron Williams , meanwhile , had a strong outing , going for 23 points and hitting 11 of 13 at the free - throw line . Dallas poured in 11 team three - pointers , edging out the Jazz , but could simply not score as efficiently as their opponents on Tuesday . The Jazz will travel to New Orleans , where Mardi Gras celebrations should still be in full effect , on Wednesday for their final game before the All-Star break . Dallas , on the other hand , will not return to action until they take on the Magic on Feb. 19 .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 41 - 16 ) rolled past the Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 28 ) in a potential playoff preview matchup Wednesday at American Airlines Center , 116 - 103 . After trailing the entire first half , Dallas worked its way to a brief third quarter lead , and Oklahoma_City carried just a six - point lead into the fourth quarter . But the Thunder dominated the final frame , as they opened with 150 run and coasted to the win in the final minutes . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook scored 24 points apiece to lead the Thunder , and they both shot an identical 8 - 17 from the floor . Westbrook dished out a game - high 13 assists and grabbed seven rebounds while Durant nabbed eight rebounds , had six assists , and grabbed two steals . Stephen Adams scored 15 on 7 - 9 shooting and the Thunder got major contributions from bench players Dion Waiters ( 4 - 6 3PT ) and Enes Kanter ( nine rebounds ) , who scored 14 points each . Dirk Nowitzki scored a game - high 33 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 11 - 12 FT ) , but he was one of the few bright spots for a Mavericks offense that could n't find its shots . Dallas shot just 41 percent from the field and 9 - 28 ( 32 percent ) from three . Wes Matthews was the Mavericks second leading scorer with 15 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 5 - 11 3PT ) as Dallas could n't get anybody going besides Nowitzki . The Mavericks continue their homestand with a matchup Friday against the Nuggets . The Thunder continue their travels Thursday in New Orleans .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 31 - 28 ) defeated the visiting Denver Nuggets ( 23 - 36 ) 122 - 116 , on Friday night at American Airlines Center . This was a much needed win for the Mavericks , who came into this one losers of six of their last eight games and in danger of slipping out of the top eight in the West with another loss . Meanwhile , Denver was coming off a win against the Clippers but have now lost five of six . It took overtime to solve this one thanks to a huge rally by Dallas that overcame a 14 - point deficit in the fourth quarter to tie the game with 10 seconds left . With the game tied at 108 after four quarters Dallas exploded for 14 points in overtime , led by Raymond Felton , who went off for eight points in the period . Felton finished the game with 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six assists and four rebounds , in 40 minutes off the bench . Chandler Parsons tallied a game - high 27 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , along with five rebounds and four assists , in 40 minutes , while Dirk Nowitzki poured in 20 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) along with 13 rebounds and four assists , in 40 minutes . New addition David Lee was effective in 25 minutes off the bench , with 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and 14 rebounds , in 25 minutes off the bench . Dallas shot 51 percent from the field and hit 21 - of - 27 free throws to earn this much needed win against the tenacious Nuggets . Six players scored in double figures for Denver , including Will Barton , who led the way with 22 points ( 9 - 24 FG , 0 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , along with nine rebounds and three assists , in 43 minutes off the bench . Kenneth Faried tallied a double - double in 34 minutes , with 20 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and 12 rebounds . Newly acquired guard D.J. Augustin once again proved his ability to add instant offense to just about any team he joins , as he chipped in 20 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , three assists and two rebounds , in 36 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets fell short hitting 46 percent of their field goals , including 9 - of - 29 from deep and missing 10 of their 31 free throw attempts . Next , the Nuggets host the Grizzlies on Monday . The Mavericks will look for their second straight win when they host the Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 32 - 28 ) blew out the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 19 - 41 ) 128 - 101 on Sunday . The outcome of the game was seemingly never in question , with Dallas jumping out to a 39 - 24 lead after one period and never looking back . The Mavs enjoyed an advantage in most of the major categories , with their biggest edge coming in the area of shooting percentage . Dallas shot a stellar 53 percent from the field , while limiting Minnesota to an underwhelming 38 percent figure . They also took outstanding care of the ball , committing only eight turnovers on the night , while eliciting 15 from the visitors . Zaza Pachulia notably helped keep standout rookie Karl-Anthony Towns relatively under control , while seven Dallas players - - four starters and three reserves - - tallied double - digit scoring to key the easy victory . Minnesota 's top scoring effort emanated from the bench , as Shabazz Muhammad was outstanding in tallying 24 points , five rebounds and a block in 34 minutes of play . Andrew Wiggins was next in line while pacing the starters with 15 points , four rebounds and an assist . Ricky Rubio followed with 14 points , which he complemented with five assists and a pair of rebounds . Towns still turned in a solid effort in the defeat , compiling a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists . Zach LaVine overcame a rough night from the field to still provide strong production across the stat sheet , registering 10 points , nine rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're off until Wednesday , when they face off against the Washington Wizards at home . Chandler Parsons continued his extended stretch of outstanding play in leading the Dallas attack with 29 points , six rebounds , four assists and a steal . It was Parsons ' fifth effort of over 20 points in the last seven contests . Wesley Matthews followed with 15 points , two assists , a steal and a block . Deron Williams and Dirk Nowitzki pitched in a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former also supplying nine assists and four rebounds , and the latter posting four rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . David Lee led the way for the reserves with 13 points , nine rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block , while J.J. Barea got in on the fun with 12 points , seven assists and a pair of rebounds as well . Justin Anderson was the third bench player with double - digit points , and he impressively generated his 10 - point tally in just nine minutes of action . The rookie from Virginia also hauled in a pair of rebounds . The Mavericks retain a hold on third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently in possession of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They 're home Tuesday versus the Orlando Magic .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 28 ) handled the Orlando Magic ( 26 - 33 ) in a 121 - 108 win on Tuesday . Dallas had one of their best offensive games of the season , as they came just a few points shy of a season - high . The shooting was incredible , as the Mavericks shot 56 percent from the field , 84 percent from the free - throw line and 47 percent from long distance . The starters were the difference , as Dallas ' starters scored 81 points to Orlando 's 45 . Orlando had to lean on their bench heavily in this game , with only one starter scoring more than 12 points . That was Nikola Vucevic , as he finished with 18 points and seven rebounds in just 23 minutes of action . Ersan Ilyasova had his best game in a Magic uniform , as he amassed a team - high 22 points and 10 rebounds in the loss . The bench actually outscored the starters by 18 points . Orlando has a quick turnaround , as they play the struggling Chicago Bulls on Wednesday in their next game . Dallas has been playing some incredible offense as of late , as they are averaging 120 points a game across their last seven games . Five different players scored at least 17 points in the win , with Wesley Matthews leading the team with 21 points . Zaza Pachulia had a nice game , as he double - doubled in a 17 - point , 10 - rebound performance . On deck for the Mavericks is a matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Thursday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 35 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 29 ) 104 - 101 on Thursday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Kings put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Kings held the Mavericks to 48 percent shooting and a dreadful 7 - for - 29 from three - point range . The second quarter was when Sacramento made their mark , as they outscored Dallas 31 to 21 . The Kings came into this game as a heavy underdog and rode 53 percent shooting to a much needed victory . DeMarcus Cousins tallied 22 points , 13 rebounds and five assists to lead the Kings . Rajon Rondo also played great , as he acculturated 18 points , 12 assists , five rebounds and three steals . Marco Belinelli gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he pitched in 16 points of his own . Up next is another tough matchup , as they play a San Antonio Spurs that hasn’t lost at home all season . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for the Mavericks , with all three wins coming against poor competition . Chandler Parsons was fantastic in the loss , as he totaled 28 points , nine rebounds and five assists . David Lee double - doubled off the bench , as he amassed 12 points and 11 rebounds . The only other notable stat lines were Deron Williams tallying 15 points , three rebounds and five assists , with Dirk Nowitzki pitching in 16 points , six rebounds and five assists . Dallas will look to bounce back on Sunday in their next game when they play the Denver Nuggets .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 41 - 21 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 31 ) 109 - 90 at American Airlines Center on Monday . Chris Paul struggled in the first half , but came out an entirely different player for the second half , scoring 18 points in the third quarter to help the Clippers run up the score . Before Paul’s offensive outburst , the Mavericks kept the game tight knit through the first two quarters of play , but that was mostly on the part of both teams failing to find a shooting rhythm and not capitalizing on turnovers . Paul went on to lead all scorers in the contest with 27 points , in addition to four rebounds , seven assists and three steals on 12 - of - 18 shooting . The Clippers improved to 40 - 7 on the season when Paul surpasses 20 points , as well as picking up a needed win to keep the 3 - seed within striking distance after a resilient 10 game stretch . JJ Reddick and DeAndre Jordan matched Paul’s 20 - plus point night , and played to their strengths . Reddick’s 22 points came on the back of a 4 - for - 6 shooting night from behind the arc , while Jordan did his damage beneath the rim adding 23 points and 20 rebounds . As for the bench , Jamal Crawford and Austin Rivers closed out the game in the fourth quarter , combining for 25 points , six assists and seven boards . Next up , the Clippers will visit the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 43 - 20 ) on Wednesday . The Mavericks were unable to get any kind of scoring rhythm , even in the first half where they ended the second quarter down two points . The Dallas starters proved to be the downfall , as only Dirk Nowitzki was able to register any kind of scoring output . The remainder of the Mavericks starting lineup combined a lowly 5 - of - 27 shooting , including no made field goals from Wesley Matthews and Zaza Pachulia . Nowitzki finished with 22 points and six rebounds . The bench was eventful , seeing as Rick Carlisle used eight players sporadically through the game , and once the blowout was on , he turned to Justin Anderson , Salah Mejri and Dwight Powell , who all have seen very little playing time this season . Raymond Felton logged more minutes than starter Deron Williams , and totaled 10 points , three rebounds and two assists in just under 30 minutes of play . Dallas , as a unit , shot 37 percent from the floor , and were outplayed statistically by the Clippers in rebounding , assists , blocks and turnovers . The Mavericks will host the Detroit Pistons ( 32 - 31 ) on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 33 - 31 ) defeated the host Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 32 ) 102 - 96 , on Wednesday night at American Airlines Center . This back and forth game featured nine lead changes before the Pistons took the final lead as part of a 90 towards the start of the fourth quarter , putting them up by eight . The biggest lead of the game was only nine , which occurred later in the fourth as Detroit continued to apply pressure . The Mavericks fought back down the stretch but a clutch , deep three - pointer from Reggie Jackson put the Pistons ahead by six with 58 seconds left , and the game just out of reach . This marks the first time Dallas has lost four games in a row this season . The Detroit frontcourt led the way in this one , as Andre Drummond was huge with 25 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 5 - 14 FT ) and 17 rebounds , in 34 minutes . Marcus Morris added a solid 20 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , seven rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 39 minutes , while Tobias Harris chipped in 19 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , seven rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 39 minutes . With this win the Pistons put themselves right back in contention for the eighth spot in the East . Chandler Parsons and Dirk Nowitzki each tallied 25 points for the Mavericks . Dirk added 10 rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 35 minutes , while Parsons also had six assists and four rebounds , in 37 minutes . Zaza Pachulia chipped in 10 points and 13 rebounds , in 34 minutes , while Deron Williams dished nine assists , to go along with eight points and five rebounds , in 37 minutes . The Mavs shot a reasonable 45 percent from the field but were steadily out - rebounded , as they could not keep up with the fired - up Pistons squad . Next , the Mavericks host the Pacers on Saturday . The Pistons will be head straight to Charlotte to face the Hornets on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 35 - 30 ) dealt another blow to the struggling Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 33 ) on Saturday afternoon , winning 112 - 105 . All five Pacers starters scored in double - digits on Saturday in what was a well - rounded win for the Central Division squad . The team shot 47 percent from the field and doled out 24 assists as a team , earning a narrow win with solid team play . Star forward Paul George led the way with 20 points , notching a double - double as he also pulled down 10 rebounds . George also dished out six assists , making up for a bit of a shooting lapse as he went just 6 - for - 16 from the field . Rookie Myles Turner also turned heads with 15 points and seven rebounds in just 19 minutes played . Dallas has now lost five straight games , and will have to jockey for position in the Western Conference playoff race . Aging veteran Dirk Nowitzki was almost able to snap the streak on Saturday , shooting 10 - for - 16 for a game - high 30 points . Dallas 's team play was prominent , as the team dished out 30 dimes on the whole . It was also a strong shooting day for the team , hitting 48 percent of shots from the field . The Pacers will visit Atlanta on Sunday , while the Mavs will square off against the Hornets on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 62 - 6 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 35 ) 130 - 112 on Friday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated this result , as these two are going in opposite directions . While the score looks lopsided , the game was close throughout and it was a late run by the Warriors that really opened up the scoreline . The three - point shooting was the key for Golden_State , as they went 22 - for - 38 from long distance . The Warriors continue to win games and the Splash Brothers did what they did best tonight . Klay Thompson and Steph Curry combined for 70 points , while hitting 16 three 's . Curry actually flirted with a triple - double , as he finished with 31 points , 10 assists and nine rebounds in the win . Up next for Golden_State is one of the games of the season , as they travel to Texas to face the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday . Dallas has now lost seven of their last eight and they are close to falling out of the playoffs all together . Dirk Nowitzki continued his good form though , as he tallied 24 points , nine rebounds and four assists in the defeat . David Lee had another great game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 16 - rebound performance against his former team . The Mavericks will look to get a much needed win on Sunday against the Portland Trail Blazers for their next matchup .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 40 - 38 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 38 - 40 ) 88 - 86 on Wednesday . In what was a pseudo playoff game , the hotter team escaped with a win . This now gives Dallas their fifth - straight win and gives Houston their eighth loss in their last 13 games . The second quarter was when the Mavericks made their mark , as they outscored the Rockets 34 to 22 . Dallas also turned on their defense in the fourth quarter , as they held the Rockets to 15 points , with only three of those coming from players other than James Harden . The Rockets fought hard in this game , but couldn’t quite escape with a crucial win . Harden struggled for the first three quarters , but scored 12 in the fourth to cap off a 26 - point performance . The rest of the team really struggled though , as they went 1 - for - 11 in the final 12 minutes . Dwight Howard had a nice game as well though , as he scored 14 points and grabbed 16 rebounds . The Rockets have a short turnaround , as they play the Phoenix Suns on Thursday in a must win game . Dallas had ugly stretches throughout this game and narrowly escaped with a huge win . J.J. Barea once again led the team with 27 points to mark his fourth - straight 20 - point game . He also dished out eight assists and grabbed five rebounds in an all around great performance . Wesley Matthews scored 16 of his own , while locking down Harden for long stretches of this game . On deck for Dallas is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 41 - 38 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 37 ) 103 - 93 on Friday night . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just that . Dallas really turned it on in the second half , as they outscored the Grizzlies 57 to 44 . The Mavericks got it done with defense , as they held Memphis to 40 percent shooting and shot 50 percent on their end . The Grizzlies continue to falter and this loss dropped them to the six - seed in the west . Tony Allen continued his resurgence though , as he led the team with 25 points in the loss , while also providing seven rebounds and three steals . No other player scored more than 13 , with Zach Randolph tallying 13 points and six rebounds . It doesn’t get much easier for Memphis , as they play the Golden State Warriors on Saturday in their next game . This gives Dallas six - straight wins and they are going into the playoffs with a fury . The unfortunate news is that J.J. Barea had to leave this game with a leg injury and he may miss some time after being the teams best player over recent weeks . Raymond Felton stepped up in his absence though , as he accumulated 11 points , 14 assists and six rebounds . Justin Anderson had one of the best games of his career as well , as he amassed 19 points and 10 rebounds . The Mavericks next game will be on Sunday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 67 - 15 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 42 - 40 ) 96 - 91 on Wednesday night . With the second seed guaranteed , and a three - game losing streak having been broken on Tuesday night , coach Gregg Popovich opted to rest the majority of his starters . San_Antonio 's starting five resembled a unit that could easily be envisioned playing in the fourth quarter of a mid - October exhibtion , with Kyle Anderson , Andre Miller , Kyle Anderson , Danny Green and Boban Marjanovic taking the floor . Despite essentially playing with second and third units , the Spurs were impressively able to garner a road victory against a Dallas team that could have potentially improved its playoff positioning with a victory . San_Antonio was led by Marjanovic 's 22 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included two blocks and an assist . Jonathan Simmons was next , tallying 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals in 31 minutes off the bench . Marjanovic 's and Simmons ' point totals were notably career highs . Anderson contributed a double - double of his own , managing 15 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and five steals . Danny Green supplied 12 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Spurs finish atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , with their playoff opponent still to be determined as of this writing . Dallas was led by a 22 - point effort off the bench from Raymond Felton , who also supplied four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Dirk Nowitzki pitched in with 19 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Deron Williams totaled 13 points , seven assists and two rebounds . Wesley Matthews amassed 11 points , four rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . The Mavericks finish in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 'll be slotted in either the seventh or the sixth seed , with the latter serving as the most probable outcome , as it 's dependent on the Warriors defeating the Grizzlies later Wednesday night .
The Chicago Bulls ( 20 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 1 ) 115 - 100 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Bulls put on a shooting clinic in this one , finishing at an impressive 54 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line . The Nets , on the other hand , could n't find their stroke , hitting just 42 percent from the field , while embarrassingly missing all eight of their three - point attempts . Despite turning the ball over 20 times , the Bulls shooting was just too much for the Nets . Both Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler rode the momentum from their season opening victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers . They combined to go a perfect 7 - for - 7 from the field in the first half to score a combined 20 points , although they only took a three - point lead into the half due to a hefty amount of team turnovers ( 11 ) . Going on a 10 - 2 run to start the second half , though , the Bulls never looked back and were able to finish with a 15 - point victory . Butler finished the game with a team - high 24 points ( 9 - 11 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , to go along with four rebounds and six assists , while Rose chipped in with 15 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and three assists . Nikola Mirotic continued his strong start to the season as well , adding 18 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and nine rebounds . Brook Lopez did everything he could to keep the Nets in this ball game . He went 10 - for - 17 from the field to score 26 points , while also adding seven rebounds and a block . One of the other positives in this game was the play of Andrea Bargnani . Bargnani was unable to play in the preseason due to a hamstring injury , but he did n't look to be hampered by any lingering effects . In 22 minutes off the bench , he produced 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and seven rebounds . Shooting just 4 - for - 15 from the field and missing both of his three - point attempts , Joe Johnson struggled to just 10 points over 32 minutes , but did add a team - high of 10 rebounds . The Bulls will next travel to Detroit on Friday to play the Pistons , while the Nets head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 1 - 3 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 4 ) on Monday by a score of 103 - 96 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . Both teams were playing for their first win of the season , and the Bucks were able to pull away late in the fourth quarter behind a tremendous performance from Jerryd Bayless , who got the start in the backcourt as the Bucks continue to shuffle their lineup around . Bayless finished with a game - high 27 points after playing nearly the entire game at 47 minutes . Greg Monroe continues to be a force down low , as he recorded his second double - double of the season of 23 points ( 10 - 14 FG ) and 13 rebounds in 39 minutes . Giannis Antetokounmpo added 21 points and eight rebounds of his own , while Khris Middleton scored 17 points . The Bucks starters dominating the playing time and the scoring , collecting 93 of the team’s 103 points . Brook Lopez led the way in the losing effort for the Nets , recording 18 points and nine rebounds in 34 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic was solid off the bench for the second straight game , scoring 14 points in 25 minutes , and he has now scored 33 total points in his last two contests . However , while seven Brooklyn players managed to reach double figures in points , the team’s 18 turnovers to just 21 assists ultimately cost them . Up next , the Bucks will head home to take on the 76ers on Wednesday , while the Nets will travel to Atlanta on Wednesday and go up against the Hawks .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 4 ) tallied their first victory of the season Friday on the road against the still - winless Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 6 ) . The Lakers , having struggled mightily through their first four games , were able to turn things around by narrowly edging out the ailing Nets . Second overall pick D'Angelo Russell was able to help lead the way for the Lakers , posting 16 points and recording three steals in 23 minutes of play . Developing forward Julius Randle also contributed to the Los_Angeles cause , delivering totals of 14 points and seven rebounds . Veteran Kobe Bryant , however , struggled from the field once again , shooting just 5 - of - 16 on the night . Despite strong play from the team 's starters , Brooklyn was unable to pull ahead of Los_Angeles in the end . The Nets saw solid outings from veterans Joe Johnson ( 22 points , two steals ) and Brook Lopez ( 23 points , 10 rebounds , four blocks ) , but saw few contributions off the bench . The loss marks a league - worst sixth in a row for the Nets , and the team now sits at the bottom of the Atlantic Division and the Eastern Conference . Considering that the Celtics own the rights to the team 's draft pick this coming summer , the Nets will fight hard to turn the season around after a disappointing start . Los_Angeles will continue their road trip on Sunday as they face the Knicks at Madison Square Garden , while the Nets will have a quick turnaround , traveling to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Saturday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 2 - 9 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 5 ) 90 - 88 on Tuesday . Brook Lopez has been a consistent source of scoring on a Brooklyn team that has endured a forgettable season to date , and the big man was once again the linchpin of the offense Tuesday . Lopez tallied his third double - double in the last four games with a strong 24 - point , 10 - rebound effort . He also posted three blocks for the second consecutive game , giving him an impressive 11 stuffs over his last three contests . Atlanta played without starters Jeff Teague and Kent Bazemore , who were sidelined with ankle injuries . Their offense was missed , with Atlanta falling considerably short of their 103 points per game average on Tuesday . Tiago Splitter entered the starting lineup but could only muster two points , three rebounds , and a block over 12 minutes , while Dennis Schroder pitched in with eight points , 10 assists , and five rebounds in Teague’s stead but struggled from the field for a second straight game ( 3 - for - 11 ) . Al Horford ( 18 points ) , Paul Millsap ( 17 points ) , and Kyle Korver ( 13 points ) all tallied respectable efforts , while Thabo Sefalosha’s and Shelvin Mack’s eight - point efforts paced the reserves . However , the Hawks simply could not muster sufficient scoring to avert the road upset . Atlanta drops to 8 - 5 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division . They head home for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . In addition to Lopez’s standout performance , frontcourt mate Thaddeus Young continued his recent stretch of significant offensive contributions with a second consecutive double - double . Young totaled 16 points , 11 rebounds , and five steals , and made a pair of game - winning throws after drawing a foul from Kyle Korver with one second left . Veteran Joe Johnson pitched in with his third double - digit scoring game ( 13 points ) over his last four contests , while Jarret Jack once again provided stat - sheet - stuffing production from the point guard position ( 14 points , eight assists , three rebounds , and a steal ) . Shane Larkin paced the Nets bench with a pleasantly surprising 14 points . Brooklyn improved their record to 2 - 9 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference’s Atlantic Division . They head to Charlotte for a Wednesday showdown with the Hornets .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 3 - 11 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 7 - 6 ) 111 - 101 on Sunday . The Celtics learned before the game that they will be without guard Marcus Smart for up to two weeks due to a lower leg injury he suffered in their Friday victory over this same Nets squad . Smart 's absence opens up a starting spot for Avery Bradley , who continued his outstanding play Sunday with a 27 - point , four - rebound effort that also included an assist , a block and a pair of steals . Bradley had averaged 18 points per game over the previous four outings , all in which he came off the bench . The 24 - year - old also drained a season - high seven three - pointers on 50 percent shooting overall from beyond the arc , leading a furious second - half comeback by the Celtics that ultimately fell short . Boston also received a matching 27 - point effort from Isaiah Thomas , which equaled his season high . However , the rest of the Celtics starters could only muster relatively meager contributions , a pivotal factor in the 59 - 42 deficit they faced at halftime . Starting forwards Amir Johnson and Jae Crowder only totaled seven points between them , while Jared Sullinger contributed nine points , 10 rebounds , and three assists . Evan Turner paced the Boston bench with 13 points , his second consecutive outing with double - digit scoring . The Celtics fell to 7 - 6 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Atlanta for a Tuesday tilt versus the Hawks . The Nets avenged the 120 - 95 drubbing by the Celtics on Friday with the help of solid production from their starting five . Brook Lopez , as he often does , led the way for Brooklyn with a double - double . Lopez tallied 23 points , 10 rebounds , and a steal for his sixth double - double in November . Jarret Jack was outstanding with 22 points of his own on a season - best 64 percent shooting , and added four rebounds , four assists , and a steal over 33 minutes . Thad Young posted his fourth double - double in five contests ( 11 points , 12 rebounds ) , while the ageless Joe Johnson pitched in with a 17 - point effort , his second - highest scoring total of the season . Andrea Bargnani reached double - figures in points for the first time since the opener to pace the Nets ' bench . Brooklyn improved to 3 - 11 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They next head to Oklahoma City for a showdown with the Thunder on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 4 - 13 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 8 - 9 ) 87 - 83 on Sunday . The free throw line proved to be vital for the Brooklyn Nets , after it was the deciding factor in their fourth win of the season . Brook Lopez broke a 83 - 83 tie with 0:29 left in the fourth quarter at the charity stripe , while the Pistons were unable to convert points on the following possessions to close out the game . Lopez finished with 15 points and nine rebounds on 6 - for - 18 shooting . Thaddeus Young was the difference maker for the Nets , adding 19 points , 10 rebounds and three assists on a lights out 9 - for - 12 shooting in 31 minutes played . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson , who has flown under the radar in his rookie season , did not impress in his outing and finished with two points and four rebounds . He failed to hit any shot , but is currently second in real plus - minus amongst rookies , trailing only the Knicks’ Kristaps Porzingis . Andre Drummond contributed his league leading 15th double - double after scoring 20 points , 18 rebounds and three steals on 9 - for - 19 shooting . Offensively he has become one of the best big men in 2015 - 2016 , but his defensive flaws opened the door for Brook Lopez to score key points down the stretch . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led all scorers with 21 points , to go along with seven rebounds and one assist . Reggie Jackson struggled from the floor , scoring eight points on 4 - for - 20 shooting , in addition to nine assists and six rebounds . The Pistons host the Houston Rockets ( 6 - 10 ) on Monday , while the Nets host the Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 9 ) on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 14 - 10 ) recorded the franchise 's first ever win in Brooklyn on Saturday , defeating the Nets ( 7 - 16 ) by a score of 105 - 100 . The Clippers , after getting off to a rocky start , have now won seven of their last nine games , and are quickly establishing position in the Western Conference playoff picture . All-Star power forward Blake Griffin once again came up big for the Clippers , tying for the team lead in points with 21 and also pulling down nine rebounds . With point guard Chris Paul having a slightly substandard year , largely due to being hampered by nagging injuries , Griffin has many saying that he has emerged as the face of the franchise . The superstar had a career year in 2013 - 14 when Paul missed time due to injury , finishing third in MVP voting . Now , the 26 - year - old looks as though he has elevated his game to a new level , as he is currently tied for his career high in scoring while having brought up his rebounding and percentages from last season . Brooklyn was also surging heading into Saturday 's matchup . The previously struggling team had won four of their last six before facing off against the Clippers . Despite this stretch of strong play , the Nets ( currently holders of the second - worst record in the East ) still find themselves in a troubling spot , particularly as they do not own their own pick in the 2016 draft . Despite the loss , however , Brooklyn was able to keep the game close against the Western Conference contenders . The Nets were able to take a balanced approach on offense , as all five starters scored in the teens . Power forward Thaddeus Young shone once again , posting 18 points on 9 - 16 shooting to add to what has been an impressive season for the veteran . Young 's shooting on the season sits at 53 percent , and his offense has been one of the bright spots of Brooklyn 's 2015 - 16 campaign . The Clippers got the result they wanted in Brooklyn , and will now prepare to travel to Detroit to take on Andre Drummond and the Pistons on Sunday . Brooklyn , meanwhile , will be challenged by Orlando as they play host to the Magic this Sunday .
The Orlando Magic ( 13 - 11 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 17 ) 105 - 82 on Monday . The Magic had yet to secure a victory in Brooklyn since the Nets had relocated there in the 2012 - 13 campaign , but broke that streak on the strength of 54 percent shooting from the field and balanced offensive performances from four of their starting five . They also benefited from a 15 - point outing off the bench from Andrew Nicholson , and an outstanding defensive effort that saw them limit the normally potent duo of Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young to a combined 21 points . Orlando was led by Nikola Vucevic , who took advantage of his highly favorable matchup against the defensively - challenged Lopez to amass a game - high 18 points , six rebounds , four assists and a block . Elfrid Payton stuffed the stat sheet with 17 points , five rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals . Channing Frye managed his first double - digit scoring performance ( 11 points ) in more than a month , while Tobias Harris bounced back from a lower leg contusion , as well as a scoreless performance over 17 minutes against the Cavs in his most recent contest , by coming within a rebound of a double - double . The five - year pro totaled 15 points , nine rebounds and three assists over 26 minutes . Evan Fournier was ironically the only Magic player not to show up offensively , equaling a season - low three points , his fourth single - digit total in the last five games . The Magic improved to 13 - 11 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home to take on the Hornets on Wednesday . The Nets received a team - high 15 points from Jarrett Jack , who also added seven assists and five rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic collected 10 points for his fourth consecutive double - digit scoring performance , while Andrea Bargnani and Wayne Ellington paced the Brooklyn bench with 12 and 11 points , respectively . While Young did manage his fifth double - double in the last six games , the 10 points he posted represented his third - lowest total of the campaign . Meanwhile , Lopez slogged through his third straight lackluster offensive performance by amassing 11 points . The normally prolific scorer has only averaged 11 points during that stretch , a far cry from the 19 season figure he came into the night with . Brooklyn fell to 7 - 17 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home for a showdown against the Heat on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 15 - 9 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 18 ) 104 - 98 on Wednesday night . This game was tight throughout and the Nets had yet another close loss . It was a second quarter in which Brooklyn allowed 33 points and scored just 20 of their own that very well may have decided this game . Miami shot 53 percent from the field and outrebounded the Nets 44 - 35 in the win . There were only 18 combined turnovers , so it was a well - played , clean game all - around . Dwyane Wade shot just 3 - for - 16 in his most previous game , but was spectacular here . He went 13 - for - 17 from the field to accumulate 28 points , five rebounds , two assists and three blocks in the win . When Wade is playing like this , the Heat are a hard team to beat . Hassan Whiteside had been struggling lately but had a nice game here , tallying 20 points and 13 rebounds . Goran Dragic also continued his recent good form , as he totaled 16 points , five assists , three rebounds and two steals in the victory . This four - headed monster of Wade , Whiteside , Dragic and Chris Bosh is a scary combo and they should be able to compete with anyone if all four are on their game . Miami will look to keep up the momentum when they host the Toronto Raptors on Friday in their next game . The Nets haven’t been as bad as their 7 - 18 record would indicate and they just ca n't seem to close games out late . They played poor defense here as well , as they allowed 53 percent shooting and drew just 12 turnovers in the loss . Brook Lopez led the team with 25 points , but Jarrett Jack was the best player on Wednesday . Jack tallied 22 points and 10 assists and continues to show that he 's a legitimate starting point guard in this league . Brooklyn will have another tough task , when they travel to Indiana to take on the Pacers in their next game on Friday .
The Washington Wizards ( 14 - 14 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 8 - 22 ) 111 - 96 on Saturday . Washington entered Saturday 's contest without the services of starters Bradley Beal ( leg ) and Otto Porter Jr. ( thigh ) once again , meaning that another heavy offensive load was likely in store for veteran leaders John Wall and Marcin Gortat , and to a lesser extent , the injured pair 's replacements , Garrett Temple and Kelly Oubre , Jr. As has been the case in several recent games , all four made notable contributions of varying degrees to help secure another victory for the surging Wizards . Gortat led the way scoring - wise with 25 points , and added seven rebounds , three assists , a block and a steal . Meanwhile , Wall racked up his fifth straight game with double - digit assists , dishing out 13 dimes and also posting 22 points of his own . Just as important , the 25 - year - old emerged from a 9 of 33 shooting funk over the preceding two games to drain 53 percent of his 17 attempts from the field . Overall , the Wizards ' relentless attack allowed them to wear down Brooklyn , and they won going away on the strength of a final period in which they outscored the home team by the sizable margin of 32 - 19 . Oubre 's tally of 12 points , six rebounds , an assist , a block and a steal were especially welcome on a night when frontcourt mate Jared Dudley considerably underwhelmed with only three points . Temple was a bit more understated than in recent games , but still pitched in nine points , three assists , a rebound , two steals and a block . Jarrell Eddie , just signed on Tuesday , paced the Washington bench with 12 points in his debut , while Kris Humphries poured in 10 of his own and added eight rebounds . The Wizards evened their record at 14 - 14 but remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home to face the Clippers on Monday . Brooklyn received a trio of impressive double - doubles from their most dependable players , making the double - digit defeat even more frustrating . Brook Lopez ( 19 points , 11 rebounds ) and Thaddeus Young ( 16 points , 14 rebounds ) were a major reason the Nets outrebounded the Wizards 50 to 39 , and both extended a streak of particularly strong recent play . It was the third double - double for Lopez in the last four games , while Young 's performance qualified as the fourth time in the last five contests that he 's posted double - digit points and boards . Meanwhile , Jarrett Jack was outstanding in his own right , contributing 15 points and dishing out 11 assists . Second-year forward Bojan Bogdanovic pitched in with his fourth straight double - digit scoring effort , managing 14 points and adding five rebounds and a pair of assists . Despite the strong contributions from most of the starters and the aforementioned advantage on the glass , the Nets were largely done in by a poor shooting night from three - point range ( 29 percent over 17 attempts ) and the 20 total team turnovers they were guilty of . The Nets fell to 8 - 22 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Miami to take on the Heat in a Monday night matchup .
The Boston Celtics ( 19 - 15 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 24 ) 103 - 94 on Monday . After back - to - back losses to two inferior teams in the Lakers and this same Nets squad , the Celtics got back to playing fundamental team basketball Monday . They took outstanding care of the ball , only suffering seven turnovers on the evening , and received a highly balanced effort from their starting five . Boston needed one more point from Kelly Olynyk to have all five starters post double - digit scoring , and they received a double - double effort off the bench from Jared Sullinger . The visitors were also impressive near the basket , outscoring Brooklyn 54 - 40 in the paint . Jae Crowder furthered his case as one of the most improved offensive players in the league with 25 points , six rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . The Celtics ' small forward has now rattled off double - digit scoring efforts in 18 of his last 19 contests . Isaiah Thomas was next in line with 19 points , seven assists , three rebounds and a steal . Evan Turner , subbing for the injured Avery Bradley ( hip ) , and Amir Johnson pitched in with a pair of 12 - point efforts . Turner made it a double - double by bringing in 11 rebounds , and he also added a trio of assists . Johnson managed four boards , three assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Sullinger was highly efficient off the bench with 12 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and three steals in just 18 minutes . The Celtics improved to 19 - 15 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Detroit for a Wednesday showdown versus the Pistons . As they have all season , Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young did their part to try to insure a Nets victory . The latter led the way with a mammoth 23 - point , 15 - rebound double - double , while the former poured in 19 points and added five boards , an assist and a block . The seemingly ageless Joe Johnson continued to torment the Celtics , tallying 21 points , six rebounds and four assists after having hung 20 points on them Saturday . Meanwhile , Bojan Bogdanovic suprised with his first career double - double , which came on a 12 - point , 12 - rebound effort . The Nets fell to 10 - 24 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home and await the Toronto Raptors for a Wednesday showdown .
The Toronto Raptors ( 22 - 15 ) sent the Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 25 ) to their eighth consecutive home loss Wednesday with a 91 - 74 victory at Barclays Center . The Raptors gave up at least 115 points in their previous two games , both losses , but found their defensvie footing against the Nets , who shot just 40 percent from the field and committed 19 turnovers . Toronto , which has won 15 consecutive games when allowing less than 100 points , did it without DeMarre Carroll , one of its better defenders . Carroll is expected to be out six to eight weeks following arthroscopic surgery Wednesday on his right knee . Jonas Valanciunas totaled 22 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Raptors , while Kyle Lowry added 17 points , eight rebounds and six assists . The Raptors struggled from long range , however , shooting 4 of 22 . Lowry was 0 for 7 on three - pointers . Brook Lopez finished with 24 points and 13 rebounds for Brooklyn , which last won at home Dec. 10 against the Philadelphia 76ers . Joe Johnson did not score until the third quarter , hitting a three - pointer to give him 919 consecutive games with a field goal , the longest active streak in the league .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 33 - 6 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 28 ) 106 - 79 on Monday . Brooklyn came into Monday 's contest against one of the best teams in the NBA in utter turmoil . Fresh off the firing of head coach Lionel Hollins and the reassignment of GM Billy King on Sunday , interim coach Tony Brown decided there was no better time than the present to roll the dice with some lineup changes . Shane Larkin and Bojan Bogdanovic headed to the bench , giving way to Donald Sloan and Joe Johnson at their respective positions . Meanwhile , Wayne Ellington shifted into Johnson 's customary shooting guard spot for the night . Unfortunately for the Nets , the moves amounted to the proverbial rearranging of chairs on the Titanic , with the veteran Johnson being the only one of the three to provide an offensive spark in the blowout loss . Brooklyn also had a difficult time keeping the ball out of the hands of the Spurs ' suffocating defense , committing 19 turnovers that led to 30 San_Antonio points . The visitors were increasingly dominant as the game wore on , and were led by a performance from LaMarcus Aldridge that was highly reminscent of his glory days in a Trail Blazers uniform . The veteran managed a game - high 25 points , and made it a double - double by hauling in 11 boards . He shot an outstanding 12 of 17 from the field , and also dished out two assists for good measure . Kawhi Leonard was the only other starter to tally double - digit scoring , amassing 17 points , eight rebounds and a steal over an efficient 30 minutes . Tim Duncan and Tony Parker were able to play only 22 and 25 minutes , respectively , with each posting modest totals while on the court . The former managed eight points , four rebounds , a pair of assists , a pair of blocks and a steal , while the latter contributed six points , four assists and one theft . Boban Marjanovic ( 13 points ) and Boris Diaw ( 11 points ) paced the San_Antonio bench . The Spurs improved to 33 - 6 and remain atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Tuesday . The Nets were led by Brook Lopez 's 18 - point effort , which he supplemented with five rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Despite Brooklyn 's numerous difficulties this season , the big man has been the one constant in terms of offensive production . Johnson was right behind Lopez with a 16 - point outing that also included a trio of rebounds . Sloan and Ellington considerably underwhelmed in their starting opportunities , meaning that the Nets got next to nothing from their starting backcourt . Sloan only managed two points , five assists and a block , while Ellington could only pitch in eight points , three rebounds and a pair of steals . Thomas Robinson provided some unexpected production off the bench , registering 10 points , two rebounds and a steal . Brooklyn fell to 10 - 27 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now await the Knicks for a Wednesday matchup .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 18 - 24 ) beat the Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 29 ) 117 - 104 on Friday night . In a battle between two struggling teams , both squads played well in a hard fought game . The score is not indicative of the nature of this game , as Portland went on a late run to open up the scoreline . There wasn’t much to differentiate the two teams on the stat sheet aside from the bench play , as the Blazers bench scored 47 points to the Nets 26 . The three - point shooting percentages were nearly dead - even , but Portland doubled up the Brooklyn in the amount of makes they converted on . The Trail_Blazers also shot over 50 percent from the field and this was the best their offense has looked in quite some time . The Trail_Blazers came into this game as a rare road favorite and ended up living up to those expectations . It was tight throughout , but they ended up scoring 34 points in the final quarter to pull away with the much needed win . Damian Lillard was spectacular in this game , as he provided 33 points and 10 assists in the victory . Allen Crabbe , Ed Davis and Meyers Leonard provided some good production off the bench , as they combined for 41 points and 23 rebounds . The bench production has been down all year , so this is a great sign going forward . Portland has a good chance at another road win when they play the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday in their next game . It 's been a rough year for Brooklyn and the home struggles continued here . They have now lost 11 of 12 in their home building , despite some great performances from some unlikely sources on Friday . Donald Sloan has taken over starting point guard duties recently and he had his game of the season here , as he tallied 15 points , nine rebounds and nine assists in a brilliant game . Brook Lopez also had a good game in just 28 minutes of play , as he scored 25 points to go along with seven boards . All five starters scored in double - figures , but they need more from their bench if they are to have any success this season . The Nets will play the Atlanta Hawks in their next game on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 29 - 11 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 32 ) 91 - 78 on Wednesday . The Cavs were looking for a resurgent performance after Monday night 's embarassment versus the Golden State Warriors . While they still did n't quite hit on all cylinders , their performance , particularly on defense , was certainly enough to score the road victory . Cleveland stymied Brooklyn to the extent that they only surrendered 55 points to them through three quarters , and held them to stingy 42 - and - 21 percent totals from the field and three - point range , respectively . Brook Lopez was the Nets ' top scorer , but with only a modest 16 points , and two starters , Joe Johnson and Wayne Ellington , managed only three points apiece . The visitors were led by an outstanding effort from Kevin Love , tallying 17 points , 18 boards and two steals . It was a great bounce - back effort for the power forward , who had put together a miserable three - point performance against the Warriors . LeBron James equaled Love 's point total and added five assists , a rebound , a steal and a block . Timofey Mozgov provided some rare offensive production , pitching in with 11 points and five rebounds . Tristan Thompson paced the Cleveland reserves with a double - double , tallying 14 points and hauling in 10 boards . The Cavs improved to 29 - 11 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head back to home to face off against the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday . Lopez did haul in 10 rebounds in addition to his 16 points , and also had an assist and a block . Thaddeus Young registered 14 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Donald Sloan continued his recent stretch of solid play as a starter , coming an assist short of a double - double with 12 points , nine dimes , a rebound and a steal . Shane Larkin paced the Nets bench with seven points and seven assists over 23 minutes . Brooklyn fell to 11 - 32 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They will next face off against the Utah Jazz on Friday at home .
The Utah Jazz ( 19 - 24 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 33 ) 108 - 86 on Friday . After the Nets carried a slight 23 - 22 advantage going into the second period , Utah took over on both sides of the ball and effectively dominated the remainder of the contest . The Jazz shot 57 percent from the field , and almost matched the number from long range , amassing a 56 percent success rate from beyond the arc . They held Brooklyn to 63 points over the last three quarters , including 17 apiece in the second and third periods . The visitors also established a distinct advantage down low , hauling in 40 boards to Brooklyn 's 24 , and outscoring them in the paint , 54 - 42 . As has often been the case during forward Derrick Favors ' extended absence , Gordon Hayward spearheaded the Jazz 's attack . He posted 21 points , but also set up his teammates with scoring opportunities of their own by dishing out nine assists . The sixth - year pro also added four rebounds and a steal to his stat line . Rodney Hood , who 's become a dependable secondary source of production , managed 16 points , five rebounds and an assist . Rudy Gobert did a solid job keeping the offensively proficient Brook Lopez in check , and pitched in with 10 points , seven rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Raul Neto and Trey Lyles matched Gobert 's scoring total , with the former also adding a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists , and the latter hauling in five boards and recording a steal . Trevor Booker led the reserves with a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , while Trey Burke pitched in with 12 points and three rebounds in a reserve role as well . With the win , Utah remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face off against the Pistons on Monday . Up against the Stifle Tower , Brook Lopez found himself largely stymied on the night . He registered eight points , three rebounds and a pair of steals in only 19 minutes of action , equaling his lowest allotment of playing time on the season . Bojan Bogdanovic actually led the Nets in scoring off the bench , amassing 14 points and hauling in a rebound . Willie Reed , also a reserve , was the second - leading scorer , collecting 12 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists . Wayne Ellington , who 'd struggled offensively since taking over starting two - guard duties , tallied 11 points , a rebound and an assist . Thaddeus Young was the only other starter in double digits , totaling 10 points , two rebounds an an assist . By game 's end , the bench had outscored the starting unit , 47 - 39 . Despite the loss , Brooklyn holds on to fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home to face the OKC Thunder on Sunday afternoon .
After a grueling back - and - forth battle , the visitng Miami Heat ( 25 - 21 ) came away with a 102 - 98 win over the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 34 ) on Tuesday . It was a veteran effort that put Miami over the edge , with All-Stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh leading the Heat with 27 points apiece . The 34 - year - old Wade was named a starter for the Eastern Conference in the All-Star Game last week ; it will be the star 's 12th All-Star appearance . Wade played like a star on Tuesday , tacking on eight assists and three steals to his impressive scoring total . Rookie Justise Winslow , meanwhile , came off the bench to offer a season - high 13 points in Brooklyn . Winslow has garnered attention for his impressive perimeter defense this season , and on Tuesday he added a stellar scoring touch to his repertoire . Perhaps Miami 's biggest advantage came in the lane , as the Heat edged out their opponents 37 - 32 on the glass and held a 50 - 28 advantage in terms of points in the paint . Many of Brooklyn 's big - man minutes were filled by jump - shooter Andrea Bargnani , a factor that may have contributed to Miami 's dominance of the low post . For Brooklyn , meanwhile , the narrow loss comes riding on the tails of a shocking upset of the Oklahoma City Thunder . The home win on Sunday helped Brooklyn snap a six - game losing streak . Unfortunately for the Nets , they were unable to continue the winning against Miami , as they allowed their opponents to convert on 54 percent of shot attempts . Despite the loss , Brooklyn saw a double - double from star center Brook Lopez and a 15 - point , eight - assist outing from veteran Joe Johnson . Brooklyn will next take the court on Friday in Dallas . The Heat will also have two days of rest before taking to the road against Milwaukee on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 26 - 23 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 38 ) 114 - 100 on Wednesday . Despite a remarkably balanced offensive attack that featured all five starters posting double - digit scoring , the Nets were outdone by a Pacers team that received their highest point total from a reserve . Indiana was spearheaded by the streaky C.J. Miles , whose shot was certainly dialed in on Wednesday . Miles managed 27 points in just 22 minutes on the floor , while adding a pair of rebounds and an assist . He was 10 of 15 overall and 4 of 7 from three - point range , playing an integral part in the Pacers ' matching 50 percent tallies from the field and beyond the arc . Buttressed by Miles ' prolific night , the Indiana bench outscored the Nets reserves by the margin of 58 - 16 . Paul George led the starting unit for the visitors with 17 points , six assists , four rebounds , a block and a remarkable five steals . George Hill followed with 13 points , four rebounds , two assists and three thefts of his own . Monta Ellis was relatively quiet on the scoring front by his standards , but still made notable contributions across the stat sheet . He registered 11 points , six rebounds , five assists and a steal , with his only blemish being the fact that he committed five turnovers . With Jordan Hill only playing 19 minutes on the night , it was Lavoy Allen who manned the center spot for 25 minutes off the bench and posted a near double - double , totaling 12 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a block . The Pacers remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Divison . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Friday . Brook Lopez led the way for Brooklyn with 21 points , eight rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Joe Johnson continued his resurgent play with a near double - double , supplying 20 points , nine assists , four boards and two steals . Thaddeus Young was a force on the glass , hauling down 14 rebounds and also pitching in 16 points and an assist . Wayne Ellington supplied 16 points , two rebounds and a steal , while Donald Sloan rounded out the starting unit 's productive night with 11 points , seven assists and a steal . Brooklyn remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They await the Sacramento Kings for a Friday night tussle .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 13 - 38 ) defeated the visiting Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 29 ) 128 - 119 , on Friday night at Barclays Center . The Nets reached new season - highs for total points in a game , with 128 and made three - pointers , with 18 . Joe Johnson and Bojan Bogdanovic joined in on the trend as Johnson tallied a season - high in points and Bogdanovic a career - high seven made three - pointers . Meanwhile , the Kings lost their seventh game in a row when visiting the Nets . The Kings are now 0 - 4 at Barclays Center and have not beat the host Nets since 2007 when they were in New Jersey . Sacramento has now lost six of its last seven , while Brooklyn snapped its five - game losing streak . Joe Johnson tallied a double - double as he led the Nets in scoring with his season - high 27 points ( 11 - 16 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt ) , along with 11 assists , six rebounds and two steals , in 37 minutes . Five other players contributed double digits in the points column , including Brook Lopez who dropped 26 ( 11 - 21 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with his 14 rebounds , seven assists and two steals , in 40 minutes . Thaddeus Young also notched a double - double with 14 points and 14 rebounds , along with seven assists and two steals , in 38 minutes . Meanwhile , Bojan Bogdanovic 's career - high seven threes made up most of his 23 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 7 - 9 3Pt ) , which he totaled in 27 minutes off the bench . Despite giving up a careless 22 turnovers the Nets offense managed to bail them out , shooting 55 percent from the field . DeMarcus Cousins tallied a triple - double as the all - star did everything he could to keep his squad in the game . Cousins finished with 24 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 4 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , 10 rebounds and 10 assists , along with two steals , in 40 minutes . Rajon Rondo added 15 points and 15 assists , in 35 minutes , while back - up point guard Darren Collison totaled 25 points , three rebounds and one block , in 25 minutes off the bench . The Kings shot a solid 50 percent from the field and dished 30 assists but their defense simply could not stop the Nets . The Kings will be in Boston on Sunday , and will look to avoid a third straight loss . The Nets will be in Philly on Saturday for a bottom - of - the - conference showdown .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 14 - 39 ) won a thriller Monday night at Barclays Center over the Denver Nuggets ( 21 - 32 ) , 105 - 104 . Joe Johnson 's 27 - foot three - point basket off one leg as time expired snatched victory from the jaws of defeat for the Nets . The Nuggets tied the game 95 - 95 on a Danilo Gallinari free throw with 5:33 to go in the game , and neither team would build more than a two - point lead at any point the rest of the way . With just one second to go , Kenneth Faried nailed a six - foot runner with just over one second to go that looked to seal the victory for the Nuggets , but after the Nets used a timeout to advance the ball , Johnson 's buzzer - beater won it for Brooklyn . Johnson finished with 12 points and eight assists , but the Nets were led by Thaddeus Young 's 20 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) , seven rebounds , three blocks , and two assists as he stuffed the stat sheet all night . Markel Brown made a big impact off the bench , as he scored a career high 19 points on sharp 6 - 10 shooting , including 2 - 4 from three - point land . The Nets shot a cool 47 percent ( 9 - 19 ) from three as a team . Gallinari 's 24 was a game - high as he sank four three - pointers ; he also dished seven assists , grabbed three rebounds and nabbed two steals . Kenneth Faried scored 22 and added 13 rebounds for his third double - double in the past four games . Gary Harris added 17 points on an efficient 8 - 12 night from the floor , but Denver was outshot both overall ( 52 percent to 47 percent ) and from three ( 47 percent to 36 percent ) . The Nets will take to the road for a Wednesday matchup against Memphis . The Nuggets continue their road trip Wednesday against the Pistons .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 40 ) disposed of the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 33 ) on Friday , 109 - 98 . Although New_York jumped out to a 32 - 23 lead after one quarter , Brooklyn worked its way back and eventually took a lead they would n't relinquish through a balanced effort from their starting five , as well as a notable performance off the bench . All members of the first unit managed double - digit scoring totals , led by Brook Lopez 's 33 points . Donald Sloan also recorded only his second double - double in a Nets uniform , while Bojan Bogdanovic paced the reserves with a 16 - point effort that included four three - pointers . Brooklyn additionally outperformed the Knicks in several major offensive categories . They outshot New_York from the field 49 percent to 44 percent , and also bested them from three - point range , 47 percent to 39 percent . Just as important , they took significantly better care of the ball , committing only seven turnovers while eliciting 16 from their crosstown divisional rivals . New_York 's offense was led by Carmelo Anthony 's 22 points , to which he added seven rebounds , six assists , three steals and a block . Standout rookie Kristaps Porzingis supplied 18 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and three blocks . Arron Afflalo contributed 17 points , and supplemented them with a pair of rebounds , a pair of assists and a steal . Robin Lopez got the short end of the stick in the battle with his brother , totaling a modest 10 points and hauling in seven boards . Langston Galloway paced the reserves with nine points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Knicks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now travel to Minnesota for a Saturday night tussle with the Timberwolves . Lopez added eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and four blocks to his game - high scoring tally . Sloan 's aforemented double - double consisted of 14 points , 10 boards , four assists , two steals and a block . Thaddeus Young was right on his tail with 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals . The ageless Joe Johnson registered 12 points , six rebounds and six assists , while Wayne Ellington rounded out the first unit 's productive night with 11 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . Bogdanovic 's bench - leading scoring haul was complemented with a rebound , an assist and a steal . The Nets remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday afternoon for a date with the Charlotte Hornets .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 28 - 26 ) notched a road win Sunday against the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 40 ) at Barclays Center , 104 - 96 . After a competitive first quarter that left the Hornets up just three , Charlotte began the second quarter with a quick 60 run and never trailed the rest of the game . The Hornets ' three - point attack was too much for Brooklyn to handle , as Charlotte hit 10 of 27 three - pointers ( 37 percent ) . The Nets shot just 5 - 22 from three , giving the Hornets a solid 15 - point advantage from beyond the arc . Kemba Walker led all scorers with 28 points on an ultra - efficient 11 - 18 shooting , including 4 - 10 from three - point land . Nicolas Batum scored 16 ( 5 - 10 FG ) and added eight assists and seven rebounds . Al Jefferson , still on a minutes limit in just his second game back from an injury suffered in December , added 18 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) and seven rebounds in 24 minutes off the bench . Joe Johnson led the Nets with 17 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 8 - 9 FT ) , and Brook Lopez notched a double - double with 16 points and 10 rebounds . The Nets ran clean offense , as they recorded 23 assists on their 35 field goals ( 66 percent assist rate ) and turned the ball over just 14 times , but their inability to shoot from deep sank them . Five different Nets players attempted at least three shots from deep , but none made more than one . The Nets take to the road for a Tuesday matchup against Portland . Charlotte continues its road trip Wednesday in Cleveland .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 29 - 38 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 48 ) 109 - 100 on Sunday . Despite playing a competitive game through four quarters , the Nets provided a textbook example of how statistics can sometimes be deceiving . They turned in a solid shooting night , tallying 56 and 44 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Both figures were superior to those of the Bucks in those categories , but one other area of the stat sheet largely did Brooklyn in Sunday . The Nets committed more than double the turnovers of the visitors , handing the ball over 20 times to the Bucks . The miscues led to 33 points by Milwuakee , which severely undermined Brooklyn 's efforts to secure a victory . They also found themselves powerless to stop one of the game 's emerging superstars in Giannis Antetokounmpo , who managed his fourth triple - double in the last 11 games . The Greek Freak spearheaded the Bucks attack with a spectacular line of 28 points , 14 assists , 11 rebounds , four steals and two blocks . Jabari Parker was right behind him with 23 points , five rebounds and a steal . Khris Middleton turned in another productive outing and was outstanding on both sides of the floor , compiling 19 points , seven assists , five rebounds and five steals . Greg Monroe was solid in another start at center , tallying 14 points , five rebounds and three assists . Miles Plumlee paced the reserves with 12 points , seven rebounds and a block . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are 6 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night . Brooklyn was paced by Brook Lopez , who totaled 20 points , three rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Thaddeus Young put together a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , and added four assists and a steal . Bojan Bogdanovic followed with 13 points , seven assists and five rebounds , but did commit a game - high seven turnovers . Sean Kilpatrick led the bench with 19 points , a rebound and an assist . The Nets remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Tuesday night for a showdown with the Philadelphia 76ers .
In a battle of the Eastern Conference 's bottom two teams , the Brooklyn Nets ( 19 - 48 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 58 ) 131 - 114 behind a career - high 44 points from Bojan Bogdanovic . Guard Bojan Bogdanovic came out of seemingly nowhere with one of the year 's most impressive performances , dropping 44 points on 17 - for - 27 shooting . The shooting guard hit four three - pointers and was fouled only three times , getting most of his work done from inside the arc . With the lights - out shooting night , Bogdanovic not only sets a personal career high , but ties the career high of his childhood hero , All-Star Drazen Petrovic . Despite the can't - miss night , the Euro star remained unselfish to the very end , even making room for big man Brook Lopez to hit a rare three - pointer . All in all , the win came in emphatic fashion for the Nets , who seemed unfazed by Philly fans ' taunting changts of `` we 've got draft picks . '' The team shot 52 percent from the field on the night and 87 percent at the line , easily securing one of their biggest wins of the season . The Sixers still sit at single - digits in the win column , despite no longer being at risk for setting a record - low in wins . Even facing one of the league 's most helpless teams , Philadelphia was unable to come particularly close , allowing the lead to rocket up to 20 by halftime . While all five starters scored in double - digits , foul trouble from standout center Nerlens Noel coupled with turnover issues made it difficult for the Sixers to get things going . There was a lone bright spot , however , in sophomore Nik Stauskas . `` Sauce Castillo '' scored 18 points off the bench , knocking down a couple three - pointers and recording seven rebounds as well . Overall , though , Philadelphia was handily blown out at the hands of their division rival . Philadelphia will take on the Washington Wizards on Tuesday , while the Nets will face the Bulls in Chicago .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 51 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 38 - 34 ) 120 - 110 at Barclays Center on Saturday . Brooklyn rallied in the fourth quarter to overcome a double - digit deficit , behind Sean Kilpatrick’s willingness to get the free throw line and Brook Lopez’s leadership in the paint . After Jordan Hill extended the Pacers lead to 10 points with 9:26 left in regulation , Kilpatrick rallied off four quick points and Lopez started to flex his post moves with hook shots and midrange jumpers to chip away at the lead . Bogdan Bogdanovich put the game away when he buried a three with 39 seconds left in the fourth quarter . The loss puts some extra stress on the Pacers in terms of playoff seeding , as they currently hold the 7 - seed with the looming Detroit Pistons only 1 games behind them . Indiana was playing effective team basketball through most of the game , and were selfless when it came to shooting , which was reflected by the 24 assists as a unit , which the Nets managed to match by the end of the game . Paul George attempted to shoot the Pacers back into contention late in the fourth , but the shot selection became questionable . George finished with 27 points , four rebounds , one assist and three steals on 8 - of - 21 shooting . George Hill started in the backcourt alongside Monta Ellis , and contributed 17 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting . The Nets were led by Brook Lopez , who took a while to heat up , but once he got hot from the post , he was able to get the game back within striking distance , which his teammates followed up on . Lopez added 23 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks to round out the box score , while Bogdan Bogdanovich pitched in 14 points on 50 percent shooting . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson’s return to the Nets lineup has been a big boost in team morale , as the rookie was a plus - minus all - star amongst his rookie class before his ankle injury . Jefferson was efficient off the bench , where he logged 16 minutes and pitched in six points , three boards and one assist . The Pacers will host the Houston Rockets ( 36 - 37 ) on Sunday , while the Nets will visit the Miami Heat ( 42 - 30 ) on Monday .
The Washington Wizards ( 40 - 41 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 60 ) on the road Monday night at Barclays Center , 120 - 111 . The Wizards opened the game with an explosive 200 run in the first 4:9 of the game , but the Nets slowly crawled their way back , as they closed the gap to just 70 - 69 at halftime . Brooklyn took their first lead at 80 - 79 in the third quarter , but the Wizards hung around and eventually pulled away with great deffense in the fourth quarter . Brooklyn managed just 13 points in the final frame after scoring 98 in the first three quarters , as the Wizards took a 112 - 102 lead with 6:13 to go in the game and coasted from there . With John Wall and Bradley Beal inactive , Ramon Sessions posted game highs with 21 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 7 - 7 FT ) and 12 assists . Marcus Thornton ( 7 - 15 FG ) scored 19 and J.J. Hickson added 15 points off the bench . Washington shot a robust 52 percent from the floor and notched 27 assists against 14 turnovers as their offense was humming all night . Bojan Bogdanovic ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3PT ) and Shane Larkin ( 9 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3PT ) led the Nets with 20 points apiece as Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young continue to sit out with the Nets ' season long over . Sean Kilpatrick came off the bench to score 17 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 7 3PT , 3 - 5 FT ) in 30 minutes , and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson added 14 points in 23 minutes . The Nets shot just 45 percent and had nine shots blocked as their offense clearly missed Lopez 's gigantic presence . The Wizards host the Hawks in their season finale Wednesday . The Nets close out with a home matchup Wednesday against Toronto .
The Toronto Raptors ( 56 - 26 ) closed out their best season in franchise history on Wednesday with a 103 - 96 win over the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 61 ) . Rookie Norman Powell blew up for a career - high 30 points on 12 - for - 18 shooting on Wednesday . With several starters resting , the point guard had plenty of chances to showcase his skills . Powell also added nine rebounds and five assists . Wing Terrence Ross , too , had a big night , recording 24 points off the bench . Ross coupled the scoring outburst with 10 rebounds . The Raptors have had the two seed locked up for weeks , and will look to take on the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs . The Nets , meanwhile , closed out a disappointing season with their tenth loss in a row . The team finishes with the NBA 's third - worst record . On top of the dismal finish , Brooklyn will be gifting its first - round pick to Boston as part of an earlier trade . Guard Bojan Bogdanovic , however , went out with a bang , scoring 29 points on 10 - for - 17 shooting . No other Net scored more than 12 on the night .
The Utah Jazz ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 2 - 3 ) 96 - 84 after a strong fourth quarter on Thursday night . It was a one point game heading into the fourth where the Jazz outscored the Nuggets 31 - 20 to secure the win . The Jazz were led by Gordon Hayward who scored 20 points on 7 - 13 shooting , 2 - 5 from deep and added three assists and three rebounds . Hayward had lots of help as Utah put up 54 bench points . Alec Burks notched 12 points , eight assists and three rebounds , playing 31 minutes off the bench . Also from the bench Trevor Booker had a great 13 points on 6 - 9 shooting , with nine rebounds , three assists and a block in 28 minutes . Trey Burke shot a poor 4 - 12 but managed 12 points , 2 - 5 from deep in 19 minutes . Last but not least , young big man Rudy Gobert snagged 16 big rebounds and had three blocks as he made it difficult in the paint for the Nuggets all night . The Nuggets as a team shot 38 percent from the field and only recorded 16 assists . They played a 10 man rotation which yielded contributions from many players but ultimately lacked the fluidity needed to get consistent good looks . Gallinari has been their most consistent scorer so far and had 18 points and five rebounds , shooting 6 - 12 from the field in the loss . Kenneth Faried was active with 10 rebounds and nine points but could not come up with a big game to bring his team over the hump . Will Barton scored 12 points and grabbed four rebounds , while starting point guard and rookie Emmanuel Mudiay scored eight points along with three assists and seven rebounds . Next up for the Nuggets is a trip to Golden State for a game Friday night , where things could get ugly for them . Meanwhile the Jazz will be hosting Memphis on Saturday night , which should be a good gauge for their progress as a young up and coming team in the West .
The Denver Nuggets ( 2 - 5 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 4 ) 108 - 104 Monday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The teams traded blows throughout the night in the back - and - forth affair , by the Nuggets were ultimately able to hold off the opposition in the end . J.J. Hickson had a very productive evening , posting a double - double of 19 points and 13 rebounds in 30 minutes . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay also managed contribute to in multiple categories recording 18 points , six rebounds , five assists and a season - low two turnovers . Despite defeat , Portland’s starters performed adequately , as each managed to score in double figures in the losing effort . Damian Lillard continues to excel as the leader of the team . He scored 30 points , and dished out seven assists in 38 minutes and has now scored at least 25 points in five straight games . Up next , the Trail_Blazers will head home to take on the Spurs Wednesday , while the Nuggets will stay home and play the Bucks Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 4 - 4 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 4 - 5 ) 103 - 102 thanks to a second - half surge on Wednesday . Kenneth Faried hit the game - winner on Wednesday thanks to an air - ball from Danilo Gallinari . He snatched the rebound with five - seconds left and simply laid it in with no defenders around him to cap off the win . It wasn’t the prettiest game - winner , but the Nuggets will take it in a truw nail - biter . The Bucks were playing the second half of a back - to - back and that was clearly evident with their third quarter . The Nuggets outscored the Bucks 34 - 16 in the third quarter and that was the difference in the game . Both teams combined to shoot over 50 percent from the field and committed just 30 combined turnovers in what was a higher - scoring game than anticipated . Milwaukee shot an incredible 70 percent from the field in the first half , but were let down in the third quarter by some poor shooting and lazy defense . They shot just 36 percent in the second half and allowed way too many easy baskets in the third quarter . Playing the second half of a back - to - back in Denver is always a tough task , and that was clear on Wednesday with the tired legs the Bucks appeared to have . Milwaukee was led by Greg Monroe who recorded a double - double , contributing 18 points and 10 rebounds in the defeat . The Bucks also got some nice bench performances in the loss , as Greivis Vasquez tallied 15 points and nine assists , while Jerryd Bayless totaled 22 points and four assists . Bayless also poured in 15 points in the fourth quarter and he was the key to a near comeback for Milwaukee . They 'll look to get back to .500 on Saturday against the Cleveland Cavaliers in their next matchup . The Nuggets had quite the volatile game on Wednesday , as they scored 34 points in the third quarter , while nearly blowing it in the fourth , with a 16 - point quarter . The hero was Kenneth Faried , who hit the game - winner to cap off a 19 point - nine rebound performance . Rookie Emmanuel Muiday set a career - high in assists with 11 dimes and also scored 16 points in the victory . The Nuggets best player on this evening was Danilo Gallinari though , as he tallied 25 points and seven rebounds . This type of performance is the Nuggets in a nutshell , as they can look very good at times and utterly terrible at other times . This will be a volatile team all season long and it 's tough to know what you 're going to get on any given night . Denver will look to keep up the momentum when they host the Houston Rockets on Friday , who they beat in the opener by a 20 - point margin in Houston .
The Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 5 ) came out with the win against the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 7 ) by a score of 114 - 107 . Denver led most of the game and was up 81 - 69 with 4:21 left in the third but from then on Phoenix went on a 45 - 26 run to close out the game and finish on top . Phoenix 's back court has been absolute fire so far this season and scorched the score card once again on Friday night . Brandon Knight led the way for Phoenix with a monstrous 38 points on 11 - 20 shooting , including 6 - 10 from deep and posted a double - double with 11 rebounds ; he also had six assists . Eric Bledsoe did his part by contributing 22 points , three assists and two steals . Mirza Teletovic provided supplementary scoring in 20 minutes off the bench with 15 points on 6 - 10 shooting ; he also grabbed five rebounds and dished three assists . The Suns as a team shot a solid 50 percent from the field . The Nuggets played well but collapsed in the second half as they conceded to the red hot Suns . Denver had five players score in double digits but had no one step up in the clutch to counter the Suns ' punch . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay had a great game , which is surely a bright spot for the Nuggets . Mudiay finished with 26 points on 10 - 16 shooting and five assists . He did however have an alarming six turnovers in 29 minutes . Gary Harris finished with 20 points on 8 - 13 shooting in 28 minutes . Danilo Gallinari posted a solid double - double with 15 points and 10 rebounds , along with four assists and two blocks , but shot a poor 4 - 14 from the field and could not come up clutch . Next up for Denver is a vist from the league leading Golden State Warriors on Sunday . The Suns will look to continue winning Sunday as they visit the lowly New Orleans Pelicans .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 150 ) beat the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 8 ) 118 - 105 on Sunday . The Warriors extended their winning streak to 15 games , tying the 1993 - 1994 Houston Rockets for most consecutive wins to open a NBA season . After a tough stretch of games including the Clippers , Bulls and Raptors , Golden_State coasted into Denver and earned a comfortable win . The Warriors shot 53 percent from the field as a unit , led by Klay Thompson , as he finished with 21 points , three rebounds and seven assists on 7 - for - 16 shooting . Curry was not far behind his backcourt partner and tallied 19 points , four rebounds and seven assists on 8 - for - 16 shooting in 27 minutes played . Harrison Barnes is improving on a nightly basis and his impact on the floor is garnering more attention from defenders , as the forward contributed 17 points , three rebounds , four assists and three steals . The Warriors bench went seven players deep , including the return of Marreese Speights , who added four points and six rebounds in six minutes of work . The Nuggets were without Kenneth Faried ( coach decision ) , but received double figures from all five of their starters . Emmanuel Mudiay tallied 17 points and eight assists , but shot 25 percent from the field and could not get into any sort of rhythm down the stretch . Will Barton continues to improve upon a strong start to the season and finished with 19 points , six rebounds and three assists on 7 - for - 10 shooting in 27 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets were consistently unable to take advantage of the early Warriors turnovers , even after keeping offensive possessions alive in the first half by crashing the glass . Both teams play at home on Tuesday , as the Warriors look to make history against the Los Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 10 ) , while the Nuggets face the Los Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 7 ) .
The Orlando Magic ( 12 - 9 ) bounced back from having their five - game win streak snapped by the Clippers , defeating the struggling Denver Nuggets ( 8 - 14 ) by a score of 85 - 74 . The Magic were able to withstand disappointing performances from starters Evan Fournier , who was held scoreless until he hit a single three - pointer late in the fourth quarter , and Channing Frye , who failed to score a point . With Fournier having an off - night , newly - implemented sixth man Victor Oladipo shouldered much of the load at shooting guard , playing 33 minutes and recording 11 points , three rebounds , three assists , and a mightily impressive four blocks . Orlando 's defense was the true story of the night , as they held Denver to just 34 percent from the field . The stingy Magic defense also forced 17 turnovers . Their domincance on the defensive end made up for a rather lackluster offensive night , as the team shot only 43 percent and hit just one three - pointer . Denver 's night was marked by the total inability to score the ball , particularly in the second half , where the Nuggets scored just 27 points over two quarters . There seemed to be a lid on the basket for Denver , as only three players cracked double - digits for scoring , and rising sixth man Will Barton ( 23 points , four rebounds , four steals ) was the only player who scored over 13 . While Barton provided a bright spot in a game - high 38 minutes off the bench , it seemed Denver could not manage to develop an offensive rhythm . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay also continued to struggle , turning the ball over five times in just 22 minutes while scoring only six points and recording just four assists . Overall , Tuesday was a night the Nuggets would like to forget . They will hope to put it behind them as they take on the Timberwolves on Friday . Meanwhile , the surging Magic will face the second half of a back - to - back on Wednesday as they face the Suns in Orlando .
The Denver Nuggets ( 9 - 14 ) made a huge comeback to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 13 ) 111 - 108 in an overtime thriller . Denver trailed by 15 at the half and by 18 at times in the third quarter , but got the game to overtime and pulled off a big win . All the statistics were incredibly even , as both teams shot 44 percent from the field with both teams recording 21 assists . The benches were the difference though , as Denver 's bench outscored Minnesota’s bench 52 - 35 . Minnesota is one of the best road teams in the NBA , but they choked away a big lead here . The defense was the downfall , as they allowed 70 points after the halftime buzzer . One positive here was that Kevin Garnett broke an all - time record for most defensive rebounds early in the first quarter . Andrew Wiggins and Kevin Martin both led the team with 22 points scored and Karl-Anthony Towns nearly got a double - double with 14 points and nine boards . The Timberwolves will look to bounce - back in their next game when they take on the Phoenix Suns on Sunday . Denver came into this game 8 - 3 when scoring 100 points , so when it was 100 - 100 going into OT , a win never seemed in doubt . Danilo Gallinari was the hero though , as he scored the final nine points in overtime to carry Denver to a win . Gallinari totaled 23 points , seven rebounds and four assists in the win . Emmanuel Mudiay left this game early due to an ankle injury , but the team played better without him . Jameer Nelson filled - in spectacularly for Mudiay , as he tallied 20 points , seven assists and six rebounds off the bench . This broke a five - game home losing streak for Denver and they 'll look to start a winning - streak at home when they host the Houston Rockets on Monday in their next game .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 8 - 19 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 16 ) 130 - 125 on Sunday . The high scoring affair between the Pelicans and Nuggets was drowned out by a lengthy first half resulting in multiple trips to the foul line for both squads . In total , 47 fouls were called , resulting in a 74 - 67 halftime score in favor of the Nuggets . New_Orleans was led by , Anthony Davis , who turned in an impressive showing with 27 points , six rebounds , one assist and four blocks , all while battling illness that kept him from playing more than 20 minutes . Sunday’s performance may have sparked some life into Alvin Gentry’s unit , as he received 20 points from Eric Gordon , 21 from Tyreke Evans and 21 from Jrue Holiday , totalling four Pelicans with 20+ points performances . Eric Gordon did most of his damage from behind the arc , nailing 4 - of - 7 from deep , as part of a 46 percent deep ball night from his teammates . Ryan Anderson played key minutes off the bench adding 16 points and five rebounds in 31 minutes . The Nuggets lost starting forward Danilo Gallinari ( ankle ) in the 3rd quarter after departing with an ankle sprain . Initial reports noted he would attempt to come back , as he was getting his ankle taped in the locker room , however , no such return came to fruition . Before the injury , Gallinari contributed 18 points in 22 minutes , to go along with two rebounds and three assists . Will Barton led all scorers with 32 points , in addition to 10 rebounds and six assists on 7 - of - 11 3 - point shooting in 36 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets were without Emmanuel Mudiay ( ankle ) , who is likely out for one more week . Jameer Nelson started in place of the rookie point guard , and contributed 15 points and six assists . Despite the loss , the Nuggets received positive showings from the four guard rotation of Gary Harris , Jameer Nelson , Will Barton and Randy Foye , and an always passionate production from Kenneth Faried , who finished with 21 points and 13 rebounds . The Pelicans will host the Portland Trail Blazers ( 11 - 18 ) on Wednesday , while the Nuggets will welcome Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 23 ) on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 21 - 9 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets 93 - 87 on Tuesday to get their road record to .500 . Cleveland didn’t play the prettiest game on Tuesday , but they let their defense carry them to a much needed road win . They held the Nuggets to 25 points or under in every single quarter and held them to a 5 - for - 24 mark from long distance . The shooting in genera was bad all - around , as both teams shot under 73 percent from the free - throw line , under 21 percent from three - point range and just over 40 percent from the field . All the starters were horrible as well , as only one starter between the two teams scored more than 14 points . Most people look at the Cavaliers and think of elite offense with LeBron James , Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love , but their defense is no joke . They rank second in the NBA in points allowed and absolutely stifled the Nuggets here . King James was at full force tonight , as he scored 34 points and snatched six boards . Iman Shumpert also had one of his best games of the season , as he scored 16 points off the bench and played some hounding defense . Cleveland will have a few days off until they host the Orlando Magic on Saturday in their next game . Denver played with a lot of energy in this game , but they simply couldn’t shoot a lick . The starters combined for just 35 points and that 's an indication of just how bad the injuries are hampering this team right now . With no Danilo Gallinari , Wilson Chandler or Emmanuel Mudiay , the offense is really struggling . Will Barton continues his breakout season though , as he scored another 29 points off the bench while grabbing seven boards . It may be getting to a point where Barton would be better implemented into the starting - five with their recent struggles . Denver will have to travel to Portland on Wednesday to take on the Trail Blazers in the back end of a back - to - back set .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 15 - 21 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 22 ) 112 - 106 on Sunday night . In a close game throughout , the Blazers simply made more plays late to close out a big road win . Denver allowed Portland to get too many easy baskets and it was clear they had some tired legs here in the back end of a back - to - back set . The Trail_Blazers shot over 50 percent from the field and scored 32 points over the final 12 minutes to close things out . Nuggets power forward Kenneth Faried made a shocking start here , as he was carted off the court with what appeared to be a serious neck injury just the night before . Portland has now won four of their last five games , with all of those wins coming without Damian Lillard . C.J. McCollum continues to play at an All-Star level in his absence , as he tallied 25 points , seven assists and three rebounds in the win . Allen Crabbe and Al-Farouq Aminu provided 14 points a piece as well . Gerald Henderson was the hero off the bench , as he scored 19 points in just 24 minutes . Portland came into this game with a 6 - 15 record on the road , so a win like this can be a big momentum booster going forward in a tough environment like Denver . They have a tough task on Monday though , as they have to take on the Memphis Grizzlies in a back - to - back . Denver was coming off a grueling overtime loss to the Golden State Warriors on Saturday and it was clear they simply didn’t have their legs tonight in a back - to - back set . They really struggled in the fourth quarter and allowed way too many easy baskets in the closing minutes . This was Danilo Gallinari 's second game back and he played great yet again , amassing 29 points , five rebounds and three assists in the loss . Jameer Nelson also had a nice game , as he contributed 17 points and seven assists . The godsend for this team all year has been Will Barton , but he really struggled tonight scoring just five points on 2 - for - 10 shooting . The Nuggets are now just 5 - 11 at home and that 's a scary trend considering they used to have one of the best home advantages in the NBA in years past . Denver has now lost nine of their last 10 games and they 'll look to break that slide on Wednesday against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Denver Nuggets ( 14 - 24 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 20 ) 95 - 92 on Sunday night In a game between two struggling teams , it was clear to see why in this game . Both teams really struggled with their strokes in this matchup , as the Nuggets shot 42 percent to Charlotte 's 36 percent . The fourth quarter was especially ugly , as the teams combined for 29 points in a display of inefficiency . There 's not much to differentiate the teams in the stat sheet and it was as simple as the Nuggets getting out to a double - digit lead early in the fourth quarter and holding on for the win . Charlotte shot 11 - for - 45 in the second half and that ultimately cost them the game as well . The Hornets have now lost eight - straight games and are really struggling on the road with a 4 - 13 record . The good news here is that Nicolas Batum returned from his four - game absence from a toe injury to tally nine points , six rebounds and seven assists in the defeat . The backcourt was terrible for the Hornets tonight , as Batum , Kemba Walker and Jeremy Lin combined to go 6 - for - 29 from the field while scoring just 22 points . The one bright spot was Jeremy Lamb , who amassed 15 points and eight rebounds off the bench . The Hornets will look to get out of this rut on Wednesday against the Atlanta Hawks . Denver needed this win desperately and what makes it even better is that it came at home . This team was just 5 - 11 at the Pepsi Center prior to this win and they need to make that home venue a safe haven if they want to have any success this season . Emmanuel Mudiay returned for this game after dealing with an ankle injury for some time and played an astounding 39 minutes , totaling 11 points , six assists and four rebounds . Danilo Gallinari was the hero though , as he scored 27 points in the win . He is now averaging over 25 points per game over his last six games . The big surprise was a nine - assist performance from Nikola Jokic , who is proving to be a nice asset in the frontcourt for Denver . The Nuggets will look to build off this win in a tough matchup , when they host the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday in their next game .
The Denver Nuggets ( 15 - 24 ) beat the Golden_State Warriors ( 36 - 3 ) 112 - 110 on Wednesday night . This is the fourth time that these teams have squared off with all four being close . In the most recent one , the Nuggets lost a heartbreaker in overtime , but prevailed here . What won it for Denver was their rebounding , as they grabbed 49 rebounds to the Warriors 39 . The Nuggets were also fantastic from the free - throw line , as they went 33 - for - 37 with some clutch throws down the stretch . Steph Curry went bananas in the fourth quarter to nearly cap off a big comeback , but they fell just short . Golden_State has been the best team in the NBA this season , but this was the first time they played without playmaker Draymond Green . The defense is what suffered most without Green , as they allowed 112 points in the loss . Curry was in his MVP form , as he scored 20 fourth quarter points en route to a 38 point - nine assist line . Harrison Barnes had his best game since returning from injury , as he finished with 18 points off the bench . Andrew Bogut has been struggling all season , but he played well here , finishing with 15 points , seven rebounds , and three blocks in the loss . Luckily for Golden_State , they get a date against the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday in their next game . Denver has been struggling at home all season , but easily got their biggest win of the year here . It was an all - around team effort , as four different players scored at least 18 points . Those players included Danilo Gallinari , Will Barton , Gary Harris and Darrell Arthur . Gallinari has been averaging over 25 points a game since his return from injury and he was huge here , as he finished the game with 28 points in the win . Denver has now played the Warriors four times this season and all four games came down to the fourth quarter . It 's a strange occurrence , but it shows the talent that this young teams has . The Nuggets will host the Miami Heat on Friday in their next scheduled game .
The Miami Heat ( 32 - 17 ) came back in the second half to beat the Denver Nuggets ( 15 - 25 ) 98 - 95 on Friday . The Nuggets got out to a great start on Friday by recording two 31 - point quarters in the first half to take a 16 - point lead , but collapsed in the second half . The Heat outscored the Nuggets 52 - 33 in the second half in an impressive comeback win . The key for Miami was their stellar defense , as they held Denver to 41 percent shooting while recording 13 blocks . What 's most impressive is that they got this win with no Dwyane Wade or Goran Dragic in the lineup . Miami came into this game extremely shorthanded , but walked away with a huge road win . Hassan Whiteside was an absolute monster in this game , as he recorded his second triple - double of the season . He finished the game with 19 points , 17 rebounds and 11 blocks in a spectacular game . Chris Bosh was efficient in this game as well , as he scored 24 points on just 13 shot attempts . The darkhorse hero was Beno Udrih though , as he collected 11 points and 11 assists while filing in for Dragic in the victory . On deck for Miami is an even tougher task , as they travel to Oklahoma City on Sunday to take on the Thunder . Denver was coming off two of their biggest wins of the season and really should have had their third - straight here . The offense fell apart in the second half and all the momentum was in Miami 's favor for the final 15 minutes of this game . Danilo Gallinari and Will Barton have been carrying this team all year long , but they combined for just 20 points and 12 rebounds while going 4 - for - 18 from the field . Darrell Arthur got a rare start in the absence of Jusuf Nurkic and had the best game for Denver , as he finished with 18 points and eight rebounds in the loss . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay also had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 16 points . The Nuggets will continue their eight - game homestand on Sunday when they host the Indiana Pacers in their next fixture .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 31 - 12 ) earned a road win Wednesday night at Pepsi Center as they downed the Denver Nuggets ( 16 - 26 ) , 110 - 104 . The game was dominated by Oklahoma_City 's superstar duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook , as they combined to score 57 points . And they brought it when it mattered most , as Durant or Westbrook either scored or assisted on all but two of the Thunder 's final 19 points of the game . Both superstars recorded double - doubles , as Durant led the Thunder with 30 points and 12 rebounds and Westbrook added 27 points with a game - high 12 assists . On a night when no other Thunder starter scored over 10 points , Enes Kanter had a monster game off the bench , as he scored 25 points in just 25 minutes on a brilliant 10 - 14 shooting night . Danilo Galinari did his best to keep up with the Thunder , as he drained four three - pointers en route to a 27 - point night . Kenneth Faried finished with a double - double behind 17 points and a game - high 15 rebounds . The Nuggets just did n't get enough offense to keep with Oklahoma_City 's stars , as Denver shot just 42 percent from the floor and committed 17 turnovers . Oklahoma_City extended its winning streak to five and will return home for their next contest Wednesday against the Hornets . Denver will continue its homestand Wednesday with a game against the Grizzlies .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 25 - 19 ) defeated the host Denver Nuggets ( 16 - 27 ) 102 - 101 on Thursday night at Pepsi Center . The Grizzlies were up by as many as 16 in the second quarter but the Nuggets battled back , making it a two - point game heading into the fourth . Denver continued to push and after a hard - fought 11 minutes , the Nuggets were up 98 - 97 . Memphis answered though , converting an and - one thanks to an offensive rebound and assist by Mike Conley and Marc Gasol with the finish . Denver was then down by two , with 12 seconds to either tie or win but Danilo Gallinari could not get his shot to fall . With two seconds left on the clock Denver fouled , putting the Grizzlies on the line where they hit both to go up by four . Those turned out to be huge free throws because Denver called timeout and managed to sink a three pointer in the final second remaining . This was the Grizzlies ' fourth win in a row , while they have also won 10 of their last 13 and eight of their last 10 on the road . Marc Gasol led Memphis in scoring with 27 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with six assists , four rebounds and three blocked shots , in 35 minutes . Mike Conley provided 20 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes . Meanwhile , Zach Randolph chipped in 13 points and six rebounds , in 29 minutes . Matt Barnes started in place of Tony Allen , who sat this one out with a sore leg . Barnes was solid with seven points , seven rebounds , five assists , three steals and one block , in 35 minutes . Danilo Gallinari and Kenneth Faried both dropped 17 points for the Nuggets . Faried coupled his points with a beastly 12 rebounds , while Gallinari pulled in three rebounds of his own . Emmanuel Mudiay was solid in 33 minutes , as he finished with 14 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , eight assists and three rebounds . Will Barton tallied 14 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) of his own , along with six rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 29 minutes off the bench . Jameer Nelson sat this one out with a sore wrist . Next the Nuggets will host the Pistons on Saturday , in what will be the seventh game of an eight - game home stand . The Grizzlies will visit Minnesota to face the Timberwolves , on Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 17 - 27 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 23 - 21 ) 104 - 101 on Saturday night . This game was full of big swings , but the Nuggets were able to make the final push to pull out a win . What really guided Denver to a win was a 39 - 20 third quarter , in which they were trailing by double - digits prior to that . This was a mental win for Denver , as they dominated the turnover margin and the free - throw shooting . In fact , Denver shot 83 percent on their free - throws to the Pistons 53 percent and committed half as many turnovers as Detroit in the victory . The Pistons actually dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 51 boards to the Nuggets 32 . Detroit came into this game as a small favorite , but couldn’t muster up enough late to pull out the road win . The bench was the only reason they played so well , as they scored 41 bench points to go along with an impressive 27 rebounds . Andre Drummond had his worst game of the season , as he tallied just four points and eight rebounds in just 18 minutes of play . Drummond got in foul trouble early and Aron Baynes got the late minutes because he simply outplayed him . Baynes actually finished with a double - double in the loss . Marcus Morris led the team with 20 points and there were stretches when he was asked to ISO the offense and essentially carry the offense . When Reggie Jackson and Drummond struggle like this , they almost never win . The Pistons will stay in altitude , as they have to play the Jazz in Utah on Tuesday in their next game . Denver is now 4 - 3 in their current eight - game homestand , with all of the games coming down to the wire . The starters were all exceptional tonight for the Nuggets tonight , as they all played at least 32 minutes and combined for 82 points and 15 steals . Danilo Gallinari scored a game - high 30 points and is one of the top - five scorers in the NBA since the beginning of January . The rookies were fantastic for Denver as well , as Nikola Jokic and Emmanuel Mudiay combined for 35 points , nine rebounds , seven assists , three steals and four blocks in the win . The Nuggets will cap off their homestand on Monday against the Atlanta Hawks in what should be another close matchup .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 27 - 19 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 17 - 28 ) 119 - 105 on Monday night . There wasn’t much that was going to stop Atlanta tonight , as they were clicking on all cylinders . The offense was especially good , as they shot 50 percent from the field and 92 percent from the free - throw line . The Hawks won nearly every battle in the stat sheet , as they outassisted the Nuggets by 10 and held them to under 40 percent shooting in the win . They also recorded 28 assists on 43 made baskets and were distributing the ball beautifully all night . A 35 - 20 second quarter was a big difference in the game as well , as the Hawks never let the Nuggets get much closer after that . Atlanta was favored by double - digits in their last game and had a brutal loss to the Phoenix Suns . What oddsmakers didn’t take into consideration is that they were missing Paul Millsap for that game and this shows why he is so important . It 's not just the 22 points and nine rebounds , it 's the way he plays defense and opens things up for the rest of the offense . The point guards were fantastic for the Hawks tonight as well , as Jeff Teague and Dennis Schroder combined for 27 points , eight rebounds and 15 assists in the win . The five starters combined for 10 steals as well , which was big considering they scored 24 points off turnovers in the victory . Atlanta will look to keep up the good form against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday . This capped off an eight - game homestand for the Nuggets , and the 4 - 4 record is nothing to be disappointed about . This was easily their worst game in that stretch though , as this game was non - competitive for the majority of the contest . Will Barton was the lone bright spot in the defeat , as he scored 21 points and snatched down eight boards in the loss . Danilo Gallinari has been carrying this team on his back over recent weeks , but he went just 3 - for - 9 from the field in a 15 - point outing . The shooting is bad , but nine shots is simply not enough out of a player like Gallinari for the Nuggets to succeed . Denver will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the Boston Celtics in their first road game in quite some time .
The Denver Nuggets ( 19 - 30 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 32 - 16 ) 112 - 93 on Monday . Despite a sterling record , impressive 11 - game winning streak and comfortable division lead coming into Monday , the Raptors did n't exactly travel well into Denver 's mile - high altitude.Toronto was held to pedestrian 37 and 32 percent tallies from the field and three - point range , respectively , while yielding 54 and 46 percent figures to Denver in those same categories . Even more surprisingly , a Nuggets team with a multi - season reputation of struggling against opposing big men down did a complete about - face Monday , dominating the Raptors on the boards and in the paint . They outscored the visitors by the margin of 60 - 26 down low , and outrebounded them 49 - 26 . The charge was led by the emerging Nikola Jokic , who posted 27 points and hauled in 14 rebounds , 11 of them coming on the defensive glass . Three other Denver players - - Kenneth Faried , Will Barton and Jusuf Nurkic - - collected seven boards apiece as well , in a game that turned into a thoroughly unexpected rout . DeMar DeRozan was essentially the lone bright spot for Toronto , registering a team - high 24 points and adding four assists , a rebound and a steal . Terrence Ross was actually the next biggest contributor , scoring 12 points , hauling in four rebounds and collecting a steal off the bench . Kyle Lowry posted a modest 10 points , which he supplemented with a pair of rebounds , a pair of assists and a trio of thefts . Jonas Valanciunas , saddled with a thumb sprain suffered on Saturday versus the Pistons , held his own against Jokic early before exiting after 19 minutes . He amassed 10 points , eight rebounds and a block over his relatively brief time on the floor . Despite the loss , the Raptors sit atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They are in Phoenix on Tuesday night for a date with the Suns . Jokic added four assists and a block to his game - high scoring and rebounding totals . Barton paced the Nuggets bench with the next - highest scoring haul of the game , collecting 20 points and adding the aforementioned seven rebounds , three assists and a block . Fellow reserve Randy Foye was right behind him with 16 points of his own , which he complemented with five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Danilo Gallinari and Kenneth Faried followed with a pair of 13 - point efforts . Gallinari also pitched in four rebounds , four assists and a steal , while Faried secured his seven boards and also dished out two assists and recorded a steal . The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Utah to take on the Jazz on Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 20 - 31 ) came back to beat the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 22 ) 115 - 110 on Friday . This was a tight game throughout the first half , but the Nuggets put together an unbelievable fourth quarter to win . Chicago outscored Denver 32 to 18 in the third quarter , but the Nuggets outscored the Bulls 42 - 21 over the last 12 minutes . This marked the Bulls ninth - straight loss in Denver , but they lost more than that . Jimmy Butler had to be carted off seconds before the half and that just adds to a myriad of injuries the Bulls are suffering from at this time . The most surprising stat was the rebounding , as Denver snatched down 48 boards to Chicago’s 40 . The Bulls had to play this game without Pau Gasol , Joakim Noah and Nikola Mirotic and it was obvious they missed all of them equally . Jimmy Butler 's injury appeared to spark the Bulls in the third quarter , but they couldn’t muster up enough to hold off the Nuggets in the fourth . Derrick Rose was the star for Chicago , as he nearly triple - doubled in a 30 - point , nine - rebound and eight - assist line in the loss . Taj Gibson also played well , as he amassed 18 points , seven rebounds and three blocks in the defeat . The Bulls have now lost 10 of their last 15 and will try to improve on that Saturday against the Minnesota Timberwolves . This game seemed well out of hand to start the fourth , but Denver made one of their biggest comebacks in franchise history to win . Danilo Gallinari once again carried the load , as he scored 33 points and went 18 - for - 18 from the free - throw line . Emmanuel Mudiay also scored 22 of his own and dished out five assists in the victory . Nikola Jokic and Kennth Faried both double - doubled in the comeback as well . Up next for the Nuggets is a matchup against the New York Knicks on Sunday .
The Boston Celtics ( 33 - 24 ) steamrolled the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 34 ) Sunday afternoon at Pepsi Center , 121 - 101 . The Nuggets led or were tied through the games ' first four minutes , but Boston closed the first quarter with a 26 - 8 run and never looked back . They carried a 15 - point lead into halftime and never led by fewer than 10 points in the second half . The Celtics were led by their starting back court , as Isaiah Thomas dropped 22 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 3 - 7 3PT ) and 12 assists and Avery Bradley added 20 points on 8 - 15 shooting ( 3 - 8 3PT ) . Jared Sullinger added a double - double with 16 points and 11 rebounds as the Celtics dominated on the glass . They rebounded 15 of their 50 misses ( 30 percent ) and allowed Denver to grab just six offensive rebounds on 39 missed shots ( 15 percent ) . Nuggets center Nikola Jokic scored 23 points ( 10 - 15 FG ) to lead all scorers and added 13 rebounds , four assists and two steals . Emmanuel Mudiay scored an efficient 18 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 4 3PT , 6 - 6 FT ) and Danilo Gallinari scored 17 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 7 - 10 FT ) . The Nuggets could n't find their deep shot , however , as they went just 6 - 21 ( 29 percent ) from downtown and could n't keep up with the Celtics ' churning offense . The Celtics continue their Western Conference road trip Monday against the Timberwolves . The Nuggets remain home for a matchup Tuesday against the Kings .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 35 - 24 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 23 - 37 ) 103 - 96 on Monday . The statistics would indicate a win for the Nuggets , but that simply wasn’t the case . Denver shot 53 percent from the field , while holding Memphis to 48 percent shooting . The Grizzlies had a nightmare game from three - point range , as they went just 3 - for - 20 . The Nuggets also outrebounded the Grizzlies 40 - 27 . The reason Memphis hung around and won was the turnover battle , as they committed just eight turnovers to the Nuggets 19 and scored 30 points off those turnovers . While the Grizzlies were dominated in the stat sheet , they did a great job of hanging around and pulling out a big road win . Zach Randolph was the catalyst for the offense , as he tallied a game - high 22 points , four rebounds and six assists in the victory . Matt Barnes also had a nice game , as he amassed 16 points , five rebounds and five assists . The bench was key too , with Lance Stephenson and Mario Chalmers combining for 29 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals . Up next for the Grizzlies is a matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday . This was Denver’s first game without Danilo Gallinari and it really hurt them down the stretch . Kenneth Faried played well though , as he accumulated a team - high 16 points with 11 rebounds and four assists in the defeat . The bench did a good job as well with D.J. Augustin , Joffrey Lauvergne , Darrell Arthur and Will Barton combining for 40 points , 14 rebounds and 11 assists . Those were the only four players to come off the bench , as this Nuggets team is extremely shorthanded . On deck is a winnable game against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 25 - 38 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 33 - 30 ) 116 - 114 in an overtime thriller on Sunday . In a game where Dallas came in as a four - point favorite , these two teams battled in an extremely competitive game . Despite being outshot from the field , the free - throw line and three - point range , the Nuggets were able to prevail and escape with the win . The rebounding was key , as Denver snatched down 58 rebounds , while allowing Dallas to grab just 46 . D.J. Augustin was the hero , as he sneakily drew a foul with less than a second left and sinked the two free - throws to win the game . Dallas had won three of their last four coming into this , but couldn’t hold a late lead on the road against a struggling Nuggets team . They made some crucial mistakes late that ultimately cost them the game , and that 's strange considering this team thrives off their veteran leadership . Dirk Nowitzki led all scorers , as he finished with 30 points in the loss . David Lee gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he tallied 18 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks in the defeat . The Mavericks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday in their next game . Denver has been struggling recently , but they showed some great resiliency in this game against a talented Dallas team . Kenneth Faried was a monster , as he finished with 25 points and 20 rebounds in the win . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay continued his good form , as he accumulated 16 points , eight assists , four rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the victory . On deck for the Nuggets is a matchup against the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 26 - 38 ) defeated the visiting New_York Knicks ( 26 - 39 ) on Tuesday , 110 - 94 . Denver was bolstered by strong play from forward Kenneth Faried , who exploded for an efficient 24 points while pulling down 10 rebounds . Faried had an unusually strong performance , hitting 10 of 16 shots from the field and leading the Nuggets in scoring . Rookie Nikola Jokic also played a huge part in the Denver win , scoring 20 points and grabbing nine boards while dishing out three assists . The rookie has played few minutes thus far this season , but has shown signs of high potential , as evidenced by his strong showing on Tuesday . 30 points from Carmelo Anthony was not enough for the Knicks to secure a win , as no other starter reached double digits in scoring . Melo hit all of his 11 free - throws while going 9 - for - 18 from the floor , putting the team on his shoulders in an otherwise sloppy performance by the struggling Knicks . Anthony also led the team in rebounding with seven and assists with four , in what was an impressive individual showing . The Knicks forced just six total turnovers from Denver , allowing the Nuggets a 21 - shot advantage in attempts from the field . New_York will face the Suns on Wednesday , while Denver will also take on the Suns this Thursday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 27 - 38 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 48 ) 116 - 98 on Thursday . The Nuggets were a rare nine - point favorite in this matchup and didn’t disappoint home fans . They dominated every quarter except the third , as they outscored the Suns by at least seven points in the first , second and fourth quarters . The three - point shooting was key for Denver , as they went 13 - for - 29 , with the Suns going just 6 - for - 28 . The ball movement was huge as well , with the Nuggets handing out 27 assists to the Suns 19 . The two big name rookie in this game didn’t disappoint , as Emmanuel Mudiay and Devin Booker both scored career - highs . It 's been a rough stretch for the Suns , but there were some bright spots in this loss . The most notable being that of Devin Booker , as he scored a career - high 35 points in a spectacular performance . No other starter scored in double figures , with the other four players combing for 21 points . Brandon Knight made his return in well over a month , as he scored 10 points off the bench . Jon Leuer was the only other player in double figures , as he scored 19 points while grabbing seven boards of his own . It doesn’t get much easier for Phoenix , as they travel to play the Golden State Warriors on Saturday in their next game . The Nuggets played one of their best games of the season here to win their fourth game in their last five . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay was fantastic , as he scored a career - high 30 points , while also handing out five assists . The other rookie starter played well too , as Nikola Jokic accumulated 18 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks in the win . The bench also played well , as they combined for 52 points , 26 rebounds and 14 assists between six players . Denver will look to keep up the recent good form against the Washington Wizards on Saturday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 45 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 32 - 46 ) 115 - 106 on Saturday . Denver came into this game as a sizable favorite and endured a disappointing loss to a dilluted Sacramento team . A 16 - 2 run in the third and fourth quarter is where the game was decided , as the Nuggets reserves really let it get away . The Kings shot 47 percent from the field and 80 percent from the free - throw line in their win , while holding denver to under 44 percent shooting . The Kigs played this game without DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo , but still pulled out the season sweep against the Nuggets . Rudy Gay did step up though , as he scored 25 points while grabbing nine rebounds . The bench was key for Sacramento , as the three players who came off the pine combined for 43 points , 16 rebounds and 10 assists . Darren Collison filled in nicely for Rondo , as he tallied 14 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Up next for the Kings is a matchup with the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday . This was a disappointing loss for Denver and an ugly performance . Will Barton really struggled , as he went 0 - for - 9 , for his second - straight game without a made basket . Gary Harris led the team with 19 points , while also grabbing four rebounds . Despite fouling out for the first time in his career , Emmanuel Mudiay finished the game with 15 points , three rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Nuggets is a matchup against the Oklahpma City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 33 - 47 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 14 ) 102 - 98 on Friday . The result looks to be a bizarre one on the surface , but the circumstances tell the whole story . San_Antonio played this game without almost all of their starters and the Nuggets actually came into this game as a favorite . The key for Denver was their defense , as they held the Spurs to 42 percent from the field and 21 percent from three - point range . Two steals late capped off this win , as it led to the final four points of the game for the Nuggets . San_Antonio is secure in the two - seed in the west , so this was a good opportunity to rest players and give away a loss . Tim Duncan was the one starter who played , and he led the team with 21 points and snatched down seven rebounds in the loss . Veterans David West and Kevin Martin both played well too , as they scored 17 points a piece . On deck for the Spurs is their toughest test of the season , as they host the Golden State Warriors to protect their perfect home record . Denver has been struggling recently , but they are now the only team in the league to beat the Golden State Warriors and the Spurs this season . Jusuf Nurkic scored a career - high 21 points , while recording nine rebounds , two blocks and two steals in a rare start . Nikola Jokic started next to Nurkic and snatched down 15 rebounds of his own in the win . Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay continued his impressive season , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and five assists . Up next for Denver is a matchup with the Utah Jazz on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz ( 40 - 40 ) earned a much - needed 100 - 84 win over the Denver Nuggets ( 33 - 48 ) on Sunday . Utah now holds a full game lead over Houston for eighth in the Western Conference . Utah finished out the third quarter on a massive 240 run , helping to establish a double - digit lead over the struggling Nuggets . Center Rudy Gobert was seemingly unmovable on the defensive end , blocking six shots and pulling down 14 rebounds . Forward Gordan Hayward , meanwhile , led the offensive push with 22 points . Rookie Trey Lyles also chipped in 22 . The Jazz were able to snap an ill - timed two - game slide with the big win , potentially securing a spot in the postseason after Sunday . Denver , meanwhile , had its playoff hopes dashed weeks ago and currently sits well below .500 . Denver 's big men could seemingly do nothing to stop the Stiffle Tower , as Gobert proved to be an absolute nightmare for the Nuggets . Denver was outrebounded 49 - 41 and also hit just six three - pointers to Utah 's 12 . Rookies Nikola Jokic and Emmanuel Mudiay tied for the team lead in points with 19 . Utah will face Dallas on Monday in a matchup with major playoff implications .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 0 - 2 ) by a score of 112 - 103 on Thursday . The Pacers shifted Paul George back to his typical small forward spot before Thursday’s game , and gave offseason acquisition Jordan Hill his first start at power forward . The series of moves left opening night starting small forward , C.J. Miles , in a bench role , but the change did n't affect the veteran’s offense . Miles equaled his opening night scoring total of 18 points , and drained another four buckets from three - point range , just as he had versus the Raptors on Wednesday . After a dismal offensive showing in the opener versus the Cavaliers , the Grizzlies put together a balanced offensive attack to derail the Pacers , benefiting from a particularly productive night from their bench . Three veteran subs - - Jeff Green , Matt Barnes , and Beno Udrih - - tallied double - digit scoring , while Brandan Wright came just short with a nine - point effort . Marc Gasol led all Grizzlies starters with a gritty performance that saw him collect 20 points while hauling in eight boards , including a team - high seven on the defensive glass . Much like Miles , his Pacers counterpart at small forward , Green thrived in a reduced role after having started on opening night , coming in second in bench scoring for Memphis on Thursday with 12 points . The Grizzlies evened their record at 1 - 1 and momentarily slot a half game behind the Dallas Mavericks for first place in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference , pending the late Thursday outcome of the Mavericks-Clippers contest . Memphis heads home to face off against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday . The Pacers put together a respectable offensive showing , but faltered down the stretch for their second consecutive defeat . Indiana entered the fourth quarter nursing a 75 - 73 lead , but saw the Grizzlies explode for 39 points in the final period to pull away . With two starters scoring in the single digits , Indiana placed the primary offensive load on the shoulders of Paul George and George Hill , who contributed 18 and 20 points , respectively . Miles also made his contributions off the bench to help keep the Pacers close for the majority of the game . Jordan Hill hauled in six boards in his first start but struggled offensively , amassing only four points . Fellow offseason signing Monta Ellis had trouble finding the net for the second consecutive game , shooting only 25 percent from the field ( 3 - for - 12 ) after a 27 percent night in the opener Wednesday . The Pacers fall to 0 - 2 and a last - place tie with the Milwaukee Bucks in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head home for a date with the Utah Jazz on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 3 - 3 ) sported their new alternative uniforms as they edged the Miami Heat ( 3 - 3 ) 90 - 87 in a back - and - fourth match on Friday night . The game was tied with two minutes remaining , but some clutch free - throw shooting allowed the Pacers to take the edge over the Heat . Chris Bosh had a big game for the Heat , notching a double - double with 21 points and 11 rebounds . The only other players for Miami to score double digits were Goran Dragic with 11 and rookie Justise Winslow with 13 . Winslow also added eight rebounds . Hassan Whiteside continued his good work in the paint with eight points , 12 rebounds , and a big four blocks . The Heat lacked offensive depth and missed Gerald Green , who is still out with an undisclosed medical issue . Indiana has taken nothing for granted so far this season , and is grinding out every game , and was rewarded with the W for their efforts Friday . Paul George delivered a strong performance Friday night with 36 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three steals , and one block . George Hill added 12 points and four assists on 3 - of - 4 shooting from distance . Jordan Hill notched a double - double off the bench with 10 points and 10 rebounds . Monta Ellis had a quiet shooting night , going only 2 - of - 8 , scoring only four points but he did dish a solid eight assists and grabbed four rebounds . Both teams are off Saturday and get back into action on Sunday , when Indiana visits the Cleveland Cavaliers and Miami hosts the Toronto Raptors .
The Pacers ( 4 - 4 ) pulled away in the fourth quarter for a 97 - 84 win over the Magic ( 3 - 5 ) at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . In a back - and - forth contest , Indiana was able to outscore Orlando 25 - 14 in the final frame to draw even at .500 on the season . Paul George scored 19 of his 27 points in the first half and added seven assists and four rebounds in 36 minutes . The Magic had another tough time scoring down low with center Nikola Vucevic sidelined for the third straight game because of a knee injury . Jason Smith was also out with a knee injury of his own . With two important forwards on the skids , Orlando employed Channing Frye , who finished 4 - of - 9 from distance with 14 points and eight rebounds in 23 minutes . Evan Fournier has gotten back on track after struggling against Toronto last Friday , pouring in 21 points with four treys in 40 minutes . George has given Pacers ' fans something to get excited about , looking better and better every game . He 's averaging just over 30 points per game and has three double - double 's over his last four contests . George Hill remained one of the hottest shooters in the NBA , scoring 23 points and hitting four from downtown to provide Indiana with plenty of secondary scoring behind George . Guard Rodney Stuckey briefly left the game due to an ankle injury , but was able to return finishing with just six points in 18 minutes . The Magic head home to take on the Lakers on Wednesday , while the Pacers will travel to Boston for a date with the Celtics .
Despite an incredible late - game push by the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 5 ) , the Indiana Pacers ( 6 - 4 ) walked away with the win , recording a final score of 107 - 103 . Paul George continued to prove to the world that he 's as good as ever , recording 29 points , nine rebounds , and four assists while turning the ball over just once in 39 minutes of play . George has looked dominant since missing the bulk of the 2014 - 15 season with a leg fracture , posting averages of 24 points and 9 rebounds per game . The Pacers now have a three - game win streak going , due in large part to the elite play of George . Offseason acquisition Monta Ellis also exploded for 24 points on efficient 11 - for - 17 shooting . Center Ian Mahinmi saw an increase in playtime after it was announced that rookie big man Myles Turner ( hand ) will miss at least the next four weeks with a chip fracture in his thumb . Turner may be missed by the already thin Pacers frontcourt ; however , his presence was unnecessary on Friday , as the Pacers were able to win the rebounding battle 40 - 39 . With point guard Ricky Rubio ( hamstring ) sidelined , sophomore Zach LaVine was given the reigns to the Minnesota offense . LaVine played 40 minutes , switching from running the point to playing shooting guard alongside veteran Andre Miller . LaVine went for a season - high 26 points to go along with six rebounds and four assists . Rookie Karl-Anthony Towns narrowly missed yet another double - double , recording 12 points and nine rebounds in 27 minutes on the floor . The Wolves will look to bounce back at home on Sunday , as they prepare to take on a Western-Conference foe in the Memphis Grizzlies . The Pacers , meanwhile , will look to extend their win streak on Monday in Chicago as they take on the Bulls , a division rival .
No Milwaukee player managed above 11 points as the Bucks ( 5 - 8 ) were pulverized by the Indiana Pacers ( 8 - 5 ) at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . The Pacers have now won five or their last six , due in large part to the extremely high - caliber play of star small forward Paul George . Despite having an off shooting night ( just 6 - for - 17 ) , George contributed positively to the Indiana effort , tallying seven rebounds and seven assists whle playing outstanding perimeter defense . Indiana on the whole shot the lights out , hitting 52 percent of their shots from the field and 50 percent of their three - point attempts . Indiana 's team defense also looked beautiful , as the Bucks were held to just 29 percent from beyond the arc and committed 23 turnovers . While things were firing on all cyllinders for Indiana , the same did n't hold true on the Bucks ' side of things . 20 - year - old small forward Giannis `` The Greek Freak '' Antetenkoumpo had a rare inefficient night from the field , tallying just nine points on 3 - for - 8 shooting . Point guard Michael Carter-Williams also struggled , posting just three assists while turning the ball over three times . Saturday marked the Bucks ' third straight loss , a trend they will look to combat as they prepare for a home matchup against the Pistons . The Pacers , meanwhile , will look to continue their hot streak as they travel to Washington to take on the Wizards .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 230 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 12 - 8 ) 131 - 123 at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indiana on Tuesday . This one was never in doubt , as the Warriors raced out to a 44 - 28 lead after the first quarter and never looked back . Golden_State continues to rewrite NBA history , becoming the first team to start a season with 23 consecutive victories . They are now just 10 wins away from tying the 1971 - 72 Lakers for the longest winning streak of all time at 33 games . For the Warriors , Klay Thompson finished with 39 points , seven rebounds and six assists after scoring 17 in the first quarter . Stephen Curry put up 29 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists in another vintage performance , while Andrew Bogut contributed his second double - double of the season with 14 points and 10 rebounds to go along with a game - high 31 rating . The Pacers got a couple of excellent performances despite the loss , led by Paul George’s 33 points , eight rebounds , and six assists . C.J. Miles added 24 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , but nobody else managed to score more than 12 points . Both teams are off until Friday , at which point the Warriors will travel to Boston for the sixth game of a seven - game road trip while the Pacers host the Heat .
The Indiana Pacers ( 13 - 8 ) jumped ahead of the Miami Heat ( 12 - 9 ) in the standings after beating them 96 - 83 on Friday . Coming fresh off a loss to the powerhouse Golden State Warriors , the Pacers looked determined to prove themselves in the contest against their fellow Eastern Conference contender . Guard Monta Ellis , coming off a cold streak coupled with a back injury , took over the game , pouring in 24 points and dishing out six assists while racking up a whopping six steals . Of course , the always - dominant Paul George continued to establish himself as an MVP contender , recording 23 points and eight rebounds in the win . The Heat played a solid defensive game , but ultimately saw their downfall come in the form of turnovers as they coughed the ball up 19 times . Stars Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade , however , looked as electric as ever , with Bosh recording 23 points , 10 rebounds , and three blocks , and Wade posting 20 points , five rebounds , and five assists . Both teams have had strong starts to the season , which they will look to further in their upcoming matchups . The Heat will take on the Grizzlies on Sunday , while the Pacers play host to the Pistons in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Indiana Pacers ( 14 - 9 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 16 - 10 ) 106 - 90 on Monday . The first quarter was one of extreme swings for both teams . Toronto opened the game on an eye - popping 26 - 5 run during which linchpins Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan tallied 10 and nine points , respectively . The resilient Pacers then came back with a jaw - dropping 220 response , consisting of contributions from Jordan Hill , Rodney Stuckey , Paul George and Monta Ellis . From that point forward , Indiana outscored Toronto 79 - 64 , while absolutely dominating down low . The Pacers managed 48 points in the paint for the game , as compared to only 20 by the Raptors . The vistors received a pair of 20 - point efforts from the backcourt duo of Lowry and DeRozan , although each played their best ball in the frenetic opening period . Terrence Ross was the only other starter with double - digit scoring ( 10 ) , and Bismack Biyombo was only one point short of a double - double . He also pitched in 13 rebounds , his second game with as many boards in the last five contests . Patrick Patterson paced the Toronto bench with nine points , five rebounds and a steal . The Raptors fell to 16 - 10 but remain in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Charlotte to face off against the Hornets on Thursday . For a change , the Pacers had a top scorer not named Paul George . While the All-Star small forward had a solid performance with 16 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal , it was offseason acquisition and reserve Jordan Hill who spearheaded the offensive attack Monday . The veteran center equaled his season high with 20 points , while hauling in a season - best 13 boards over 31 minutes . A big man who 's always been known more for his offensive prowess , Hill has now managed five double - digit scoring efforts in seven December games . C. J . Miles ( 17 points ) and Ellis ( 18 points ) joined George as the other starters with double - digit points , while Stuckey checked in as the other notable scorer off the bench ( 10 points ) . The Pacers improved to 14 - 9 and remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They are home for a showdown with the Mavericks on Wednesday .
Indiana Pacers ( 15 - 9 ) dominate in second half to defeat Dallas Mavericks ( 14 - 12 ) 107 - 81 on Wednesday . It 's not too often that a veteran team like the Mavericks will just collapse in the second half , but they did that on Wednesday . In fact , they were outscored 62 - 34 in the final 24 minutes and the game was decided early in the fourth quarter . The shooting for Dallas was terrible , as they shot 37 percent to Indiana 's 48 percent . The Pacers also had 28 assists to the Mavericks 16 , so it was just poor offense from the Mavs all night long . Dallas actually had a small lead at halftime , but came out flat in the second half . There were only two starters who scored into double - figures and nobody scored more than 16 points . Raymond Felton led the team with 16 points and Zaza Pachulia led the team with 14 rebounds . Dirk Nowitzki , Wesley Matthews and Deron Williams combined to shoot 11 - for - 36 from the field in the loss and that simply wo n't get it done . Dallas will look to bounce - back when they host the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday . The Pacers had no player score more than 20 points on Wednesday , but played some great team - ball . They assisted on 28 of their 43 baskets and had three players score between 19 and 20 points . Those three players include Paul George , C.J. Miles , and Monta Ellis , who played against his former team . The starters committed just four turnovers as well and that 's always a good recipe for a blowout . Indiana will look to build off this win when they take on the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 17 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 12 ) by a score of 108 - 106 , Wednesday night , in Indianapolis . The Kings buckled down in the last two minutes , scoring four points straight to go from down by two , to up by two and hold on for the victory . Paul George had a decent last - second jumper attempt but it did not fall . DeMarcus Cousins was a beast as usual and had 18 points and 11 rebounds before half time . He finished with 25 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with 16 rebounds , three blocked shots and one assist , in 35 minutes . Cousins also sunk two clutch , last - minute free throws , which gave the Kings the win . Darren Collison played 35 minutes off the bench and finished with a productive 24 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , four rebounds and five assists . Rajon Rondo was dropping dimes as he finished with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) , 16 assists and eight rebounds , however his nine turnovers tarnish the beautiful stat line . Omri Casspi continued his strong play , finishing with 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and 11 rebounds , in 41 minutes . Monta Ellis had an efficient shooting night and led the Pacers , with 21 points on 8 - 13 shooting from the field and 3 - 5 from deep , along with six assists , two rebounds and three steals . George Hill dropped 20 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five assists , four rebounds and three steals . C.J. Miles also chipped in 20 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt ) , along with three assists and three rebounds . Paul George struggled shooting , going 5 - 19 from the field but still stacked up a double - double with 12 points and 10 rebounds , as well as five assists and one steal . The Pacers scored well enough but could not slow down the Kings , who shot 51 percent from the field , mostly on inside scoring . Next up for the Pacers will visit Minnesota for a game on Saturday , where they will look to break their current three - game losing streak . The Kings will have a long rest before they host the Trail Blazers on Sunday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 18 - 12 ) snapped the Atlanta Hawks ' ( 20 - 13 ) six - game win streak with a 93 - 87 victory Monday night in Indiana . This was the first match of the season between these two teams who both find themselves in the tight race for top spots in the East . After a strong first quarter by the Hawks , the Pacers finished the second quarter on a 16 - 4 run , to put themselves up 52 - 40 going into half . The Pacers held strong the rest of the way and came up with an impressive win . C.J. Miles was sidelined with a sore back so Lavoy Allen picked up the start for Indiana . Allen had two points and six rebounds , in 20 minutes . Monta Ellis came up big for the Pacers , with 26 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , two assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes . Ian Mahinmi chipped in 13 points and nine rebounds , in 24 minutes while , Solomon Hill picked up some of the slack in the absence of Miles and finished with a season - high 10 points , three rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes . The Hawks were not on their A-game as they gave up 13 turnovers , leading to 20 points for Indiana , in the first half alone . They gave up a total of 22 turnovers on the night . Paul Millsap led his team in scoring with 24 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , four steals and two assists , in 38 minutes . Jeff Teague finished with 18 points , five rebounds and four assists , but had six turnovers in 35 minutes . Thabo Sefolosha was efficient off the bench , shooting 6 - 8 from the field , on his way to 14 points . He also contributed seven rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 27 minutes . The Hawks will now move on to Houston , where they will play their second game of a three - game road trip , which will also be the second of a back to back , on Tuesday night . The Pacers will wait until Wednesday to engage in another big Eastern Conference match - up , this time on the road , in Chicago .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 13 - 21 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 18 - 14 ) 120 - 116 on Thursday . The New Year 's Eve showdown between the two Central Division rivals was atypical in a number of ways . To begin with , one of the rarest sights in the NBA this season , a Bucks road victory , came to pass , and against a quality opponent to boot . The Pacers had entered Thursday 's contest sporting an impressive 11 - 5 home record and playing quality basketball overall . Meanwhile , Milwaukee had managed a paltry three wins in 18 tries away from the Bradley Center , including consecutive road losses to the Mavericks and Thunder preceding Thursday 's game . They 'd also struggled offensively the majority of the year , often failing to even reach 100 points over the first 30 games of the season . However , the light has seemingly come on for Milwaukee , and their side of the scoreboard , over their last two outings . After tallying 123 points in the loss to Oklahoma City on Wednesday , the Bucks roared right back with another outstanding night on offense , shooting a stellar 58 percent from the field and 43 percent from beyond the arc . They also managed 35 of their points off 20 Indiana turnovers . As it turned out , they needed every one of those buckets before all was said and done , with the Pacers coming on strong with a 39 - point fourth quarter to make things close until the final seconds . Milwaukee was once again led by standout guard Khris Middleton , who is in the midst of one of the hottest shooting stretches of his four - year career . The Texas A & M product has now shot 63 percent from the field over his last two games , and collected 69 points in the process . Thursday , Middleton managed 33 points , five rebounds , four assists , a block and a pair of steals to lead all scorers , including an impressive 4 - for - 6 performance from three - point range . Greg Monroe pitched in with 23 points and three rebounds of his own , while Jabari Parker and Giannis Antetokounmpo contributed a pair of 14 - point efforts . The former added three rebounds and an assist , while the latter had an outstanding defensive game as well , contributing six rebounds , four blocks and three steals . Michael Carter-Williams closed out a remarkable night for the starters with a stat - sheet - stuffing 11 - point , seven - rebound , eight - assist effort that also included three steals and three blocks . Jerryd Bayless paced the Bucks ' reserves with 14 points as well . The Bucks improved to 13 - 21 but remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Minnesota for a Saturday showdown versus the Timberwolves . Indiana 's starting five enjoyed a highly productive night , and were encouragingly led by a resurgent effort from All-Star Paul George , who 'd been struggling considerably with his shot in recent games . The small forward exploded for 31 points on the strength of 8 of 13 shooting from the field , including a 5 - for - 9 performance from long distance . After having shot an abysmal 28 percent ( 23 - for - 83 ) over the previous five contests , Thursday 's result was a particularly welcome sight for George and the Pacers . C.J. Miles shook off an ailing back to support George 's effort with 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . George Hill followed with a 15 - point , six - rebound , three - assist night that also included a block . Lavoy Allen continued to thrive in his starting opportunities in place of the ailing Ian Mahinmi , collecting 14 points and supplementing the scoring with four rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Monta Ellis poured in 13 points and dished out seven assists , while Rodney Stuckey and Myles Turner led the reserves with a pair of eight - point efforts . The Pacers fell to 18 - 14 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 19 - 14 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 18 - 16 ) 94 - 82 on Saturday . Indiana came into Saturday 's contest as one of the top defensive units in the Eastern Conference , tied for fourth - best in points allowed ( 99 per game ) . However , this same Pistons squad had gotten the best of them when they 'd last faced off , Dec. 12 at the Palace in Detroit . The Pacers had been touched up for 118 points that night , and Indiana was apparently ready to exact some revenge Saturday . Their suffocating defense negated any possibility of an encore performance by limiting Detroit to 36 percent shooting from the field and an astoundingly minuscule 15 percent ( 3 - for - 20 ) from beyond the arc . They allowed a high scorer of only 16 points ( Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ) and also wore the visitors down in the second half , taking the final two quarters by a margin of 53 - 40 to close out the victory . Caldwell-Pope supplemented his team - high point total with a season - high 10 rebounds and one assist . Reggie Jackson and Ersan Ilyasova followed with a pair of 12 - point efforts , with the former adding five assists and three rebounds and the latter pitching in seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Andre Drummond did contribute yet another double - double , posting 11 points , 18 rebounds , a pair of blocks and a steal . Marcus Morris helped make it a perfect 5 - for - 5 in terms of double - digit scoring for the starters , collecting 11 points of his own and adding four assists and a pair of rebounds . Aron Baynes paced the Detroit bench with 10 points and three boards . The Pistons dropped to 18 - 16 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday . For Indiana , Paul George encouragingly continued his resurgent play , tallying a huge 32 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that he supplemented with a trio of assists and a steal . After a slump in late December , George now has back - to - back 30 - point - plus performances . George Hill extended his own streak of strong offensive play by posting 18 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Monta Ellis was the third starter in double digits with 13 points , while C.J. Miles and Jordan Hill managed matching eight - point outings to lead the reserves . The starting frontcourt duo of Ian Mahinmi and Lavoy Allen notably underwhelmed with a combined three points , but did haul in 11 boards between them . The Pacers improved to 19 - 14 and continue in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now head to Miami for a Monday showdown versus the Heat .
The Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 16 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 27 ) 116 - 97 on Tuesday . The already - decimated Suns entered Tuesday 's tough road tilt in an even further weakened state , as Brandon Knight was ruled out earlier in the day with an illness . That left Phoenix with a very young starting backcourt of Archie Goodwin and Devin Booker , and both acquitted themselves the best of all five starters . Meanwhile , even a 30 - minute power outage failed to derail a sharpshooting Pacers squad , who managed to drain 52 percent of their attempts from the field , and post a 42 percent tally from three - point range . Indiana was equally proficient on the defensive end , taking the ball from the outmanned visitors 19 times and converting those turnovers into 27 points . Goodwin and Booker contributed 12 and 19 - point efforts , respectively , as the only Suns starters with double - digit scoring . Both players also pitched in with a pair of rebounds and assists apiece . P.J. Tucker did haul in a solid 10 rebounds , but only was able to pitch in a modest five points and hand out five assists . The rest of the notable offensive contributions came from the Phoenix bench , with Mirza Teletovic leading the charge with 19 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists . Markieff Morris contributed 16 points , nine rebounds , an assist and a steal over 27 minutes , his best performance by far since a season - high 28 - point outburst against the Spurs on Nov. 23 . T.J. Warren was the third reserve with double - digit scoring , amassing 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Suns fell to 13 - 27 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They now head to Boston for a Friday night showdown versus the Celtics . Indiana enjoyed solid nights from all members of their starting five , led by Paul George 's 21 points , seven rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . George Hill was a close runner - up , managing 20 points , five assists and three rebounds . His backcourt mate Monta Ellis poured in 14 points , dished out seven assists and tallied four steals , as he and Hill exploited the inexperience of the Suns ' backcourt for the evening . Ian Mahinmi continued his solid play with 10 points five rebounds , two assists and two steals , while Lavoy Allen rounded things out for the first unit with a productive eight points and seven boards . C.J. Miles came off the bench to play 31 minutes and amass an impressive 19 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . The Pacers improved to 22 - 16 and moved into sole possession of third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Boston to take on the Celtics on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 29 - 16 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 23 - 22 ) 91 - 89 on Tuesday . The Clippers found out earlier in the day that superstar forward Blake Griffin will be sidelined for much longer than originally anticipated , but his problematic quadriceps tendon is n't the cause . Instead , it 's a broken right hand allegedly suffered during an altercation with a team employee in Toronto that will apparently keep him out 4 - 6 additional weeks . His continued absence keeps the spotlight squarely on Chris Paul , who has more often than not already served as the team 's scoring leader during the time Griffin has already missed . The All-Star point guard did not disappoint in that role Tuesday , scoring a team - high 26 points and adding seven assists , six rebounds and a steal . With only J.J. Redick joining him as a starter with double - digit points , Paul 's contributions were integral in a tough road victory . Redick was solid himself with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . DeAndre Jordan cleaned up on the glass , particularly on the defensive end , tallying 19 boards , 15 which were off missed Pacers shots . He also added nine points , two assists and three blocks . Wesley Johnson paced the Clippers bench with 15 points , and supplemented it with an assist and a steal . With the victory , Los_Angeles remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They now head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Wednesday . Indiana was unsurprisingly led by Paul George , who tallied 31 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Ten of those points came in the fourth quarter , when George managed to get the Pacers within their final two - point margin of defeat by draining a three - pointer with 28 seconds remaining . George Hill posted 15 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . Ian Mahinmi returned from a three - game absence due to ankle and heel ailments to post a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , which he complemented with a pair of assists and a pair of steals . Standout rookie Myles Turner managed to extend his stretch of impressive play despite Mahinmi 's return , registering 16 points , six rebounds and a block over a highly efficient 18 minutes to lead the Indiana reserves . With the loss , the Pacers currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They await the Atlanta Hawks for a Thursday matchup at home .
The Indiana Pacers ( 24 - 22 ) picked up a key Eastern Conference home win Thursday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse over the Atlanta Hawks ( 27 - 21 ) , 111 - 92 . The Pacers led for over 30 straight minutes , from 23 - 20 with 1:44 left in the first quarter all the way until the Hawks took a 90 - 88 lead off an Al Horford dunk with 5:55 to remain in the game . But the Pacers were n't fazed , as they would allow just one more basket for the rest of the game as they stepped on the gas and pulled away for good with a 23 - 2 run to close the game . Monta Ellis was on fire from three - point land , as he knocked down five of his seven shots from deep and finished with 25 points , six assists and five steals to lead the Pacers . George Hill knocked down three three - pointers tto fuel an 18 - point , eight - rebound night , and Myles Turner notched an efficient 20 points in 26 minutes to help hide a rare off night from Paul George ( 2 - 11 FG , 11 points ) . Jeff Teague led the Hawks with 20 points and dished a team - high five assists , but he was one of the rare bright spots for a stagnant Hawks offense that managed just 40 percent from the field . Al Horford scored 14 on 6 - 12 shooting and Thabo Sefolosha had a sharp 13 points on 4 - 7 shooting off the bench , but the Hawks just could not connect from deep . Kyle Korver managed just 1 - 7 from three - point land , and the team finished a brutal 7 - 28 ( 25 percent ) . Atlanta next faces the Heat this Sunday in Miami . The Pacers will remain at home for a matchup against the Nuggets on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 25 - 22 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 18 - 30 ) 109 - 105 in overtime on Saturday . A terrific back - and - forth Saturday night shootout ended in a hard - fought victory for the Pacers , whose aggressiveness on offense was a key to withstanding a feisty Nugggets squad . Indiana put up a robust 100 shot attempts on the night , including a team - high 28 from sharpshooting guard Monta Ellis . The veteran drained 13 of those tries on his way to a team - high 32 points . Even though he missed a three - point jumper as time expired in regulation , his driving layup with 20 seconds remaining in overtime helped Indiana extend their lead to 108 - 105 . He also drew a shooting foul from Kenneth Faried on the play , and sunk the subsequent free throw for the final margin of victory . Danilo Gallinari led the way for Denver with 23 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Gary Harris was right behind him , tallying 18 points , three assists , a rebound , a steal and a block . Nikola Jokic and Kenneth Faried turned in a pair of 16 - point efforts that were also double - doubles . The former hauled in 11 boards , two assists and recorded an outstanding five steals , while the latter posted 12 rebounds and managed a steal as well . Emmanuel Mudiay rounded out a strong night for the starting five with 11 points , eight assists and five rebounds . The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Monday . Ellis supplemented his stellar scoring total with nine rebounds , six assists and three steals . Jordan Hill drew the start in place of Ian Mahinmi ( back ) and responded with 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists , a steal and a notable six blocks . Paul George was right behind with 19 points , seven assists and three rebounds . Myles Turner turned in a stat - sheet - stuffing effort with eight points , nine rebounds , three assists and four blocks , as he continues to quickly develop into a force in the Pacers frontcourt . Indiana remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're home again for a date with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday night .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 35 - 12 ) earned a road win over the division - rival Indiana Pacers ( 26 - 22 ) Monday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse , 111 - 106 , in overtime . Cleveland led by as many as 14 points in the first quarter and led for almost the entire first half , but a sluggish third quarter allowed the Pacers back into the game , as Indiana won the period 30 - 15 and carried a four - point lead into the fourth quarter . The Cavaliers ' big three took over late to earn the overtime period and the victory , as LeBron James , Kyrie Irving , and Kevin Love combined to score the final five points of regulation and all 15 points Cleveland put on the board in overtime . Irving finished with a game - high 25 points ( 10 - 20 FG ) and seven assists , and James made up for a poor shooting night ( 9 - 22 FG , 0 - 5 3PT ) by filling up the box score with 24 points , 12 rebounds , six assists , two steals and a block . Love and J.R. Smith each added 19 and combined to hit six of Cleveland 's seven three - point baskets . The Cavaliers ' offensive success mainly came inside , however - - they shot just 32 percent from three but made 56 percent of their two - point attempts . George Hill knocked down four of his eight three - point attempts and led the Pacers with 23 points . Myles Turner posted a double - double with 14 points and 10 rebounds , and Jordan Hill had an efficient night from the center position with 17 points ( 8 - 13 FG ) , six rebounds and four assists against just two turnovers . The Pacers pulled down 17 offensive rebounds but just could n't find the basket all night , as they shot just 43 percent from the floor and 30 percent from three . The Cavaliers will remain on the road for a game Wednesday in Charlotte . The Pacers will start a road trip Wednesday in Brooklyn against the Nets .
The Indiana Pacers ( 27 - 24 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 25 ) 112 - 104 on Saturday . The tussle between the two Eastern Conference Central Division rivals was a tightly contested one , with the Pistons making a strong push in the middle quarters to overcome an early deficit , before the Pacers eventually pulled away late . The difference in the back - and - forth affair primarily came down to shooting , with Indiana managing a stellar night from the field and beyond the arc . They were led by Paul George , who tallied 30 points and added eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . Nearly half of his scoring - - 14 points - - came from visits to the charity stripe , as he remained aggressive on offense throughout the night . Overall , the Pacers managed a 54 percent accuracy rate from the field , and drained 55 percent of their 11 three - point attempts . Five players , including three starters , posted double - digit point totals , and all but one , C.J. Miles , managed to shoot 50 percent or better . Detroit was led by a 26 - point effort from Reggie Jackson against George Hill 's stingy defense , and he also added three rebounds and two assists . Reserve forward Anthony Tolliver was actually the second - highest Pistons scorer , pacing the bench with 17 points , four rebounds , an assist and three steals . Marcus Morris turned in a 16 - point , two - rebound , four - assist effort that also included a steal . Stanley Johnson was productive once again in his second game starting at two - guard in Kentavious Caldwell Pope 's stead , putting up a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , and also dishing out three assists and recording a steal . Andre Drummond managed another one of his trademark double - doubles , amassing 10 points and bringing in 13 boards . He also pitched in with an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks . With the loss , the Pistons drop to fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Monday night . Hill seconded George 's team - leading effort with 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Myles Turner continued his recent success as the starting power forward by totaling 16 points , four rebounds , three assists and a block . Jordan Hill headed back to the bench with starting center Ian Mahinmi 's return from his back injury , but paced the reserves with 12 points , eight rebounds , three assists and four steals . Miles recorded 10 points of his own off the bench , along with two rebounds and two assists . With the victory , the Pacers vaulted over the Pistons into third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They 're at home again on Monday to face off with the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Indiana Pacers ( 28 - 24 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 43 ) 89 - 87 on Monday . A feisty Lakers squad kept the pressure on the Pacers for the majority of the contest , but Paul George and Indiana 's efficiency down low helped to seal the hard - fought victory . George scored seven of his team - leading 21 points in the last 1:10 of the game , accounting for all but two of Indiana 's final nine points . The home team was also a force on the glass and around the basket throughout all four quarters against one of the more vulnerable frontcourts in the league that was also playing without starting center Roy Hibbert . They hauled in 53 rebounds , while also doubling up Los_Angeles in the paint , 44 - 22 . Conversely , neither team was able to muster anything of note from the perimeter , with the Lakers and Pacers posting respective 23 and 15 percent tallies from behind the arc . The Lakers were spearheaded by Kobe Bryant 's 19 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds . As has been the case for a good portion of the season , Bryant 's poor accuracy necessitated a voluminous amount of shot attempts , 25 in this particular contest , to allow him to hit his scoring total . Julius Randle was right behind him with a momentous 15 - point , 19 - rebound double - double which he supplemented with three assists . Lou Williams tallied 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Jordan Clarkson contributed 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and a pair of steals as the fourth starter with double - digit scoring . 2015 first - rounder D'Angelo Russell outperformed Clarkson off the bench , pacing the reserves with a stat - sheet - stuffing performance consisting of 16 points , five rebounds , five assists , four steals and a block . The Lakers remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They now head to Cleveland to face off against the Cavaliers on Wednesday . George added nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks to his team - leading point total . George Hill was next in line with 15 points , six assists , a rebound and three steals . Myles Turner waged an entertaining one - on - one battle down low with Randle , recording his own double - double with 14 points , 13 rebounds and an assist . Ian Mahinmi pitched in with 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block , while Jordan Hill had a near double - double against his former squad , supplying nine points , nine rebounds , an assist and a block . With the victory , the Pacers moved into second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home to face the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 27 - 26 ) took home their fifth win in six games on Wednesday as they rolled right over the Indiana Pacers ( 28 - 25 ) for a 117 - 95 victory . After an enormous slide to start 2016 , the Hornets have quickly picked up the pace . Winners of five of their last six , the team now sits just half a game out of the Eastern Conference playoffs . Wednesday 's win helped Charlotte assert its dominance , as the victory over playoff contender Indiana was emphatic . Point guard and team leader Kemba Walker dropped in a game - high 25 points along with seven rebounds and three assists . However , it was a well - rounded approach that enabled the blowout for Charlotte . Six players scored in double - digits , and the bench 's pair of Jeremies ( Lamb and Lin ) went off for 16 and 14 respectively . Overall , Charlotte managed to score the ball at a highly efficient 52 percent from the field , while Indiana hit just 44 percent of its shots . While superstar Paul George had a typically stellar outing ( 22 points , eight rebounds , six assists ) , the rest of the Pacers were relatively unable to get it going . Rookie Myles Turner , who has turned heads with his recent play , scored just 10 points and pulled down only five rebounds . Monta Ellis also disappointed , posting just 10 points , four assists , and one rebound on the night . As a team , Indiana was simply unable to defend Charlotte on the perimeter , getting torched for over 50 percent shooting and 12 three - pointers . Both teams will now enjoy rest and time to regroup as the NBA heads into the All-Star break .
The Indiana Pacers ( 31 - 26 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 24 - 35 ) 108 - 105 on Wednesday . A nip - and - tuck battle came down to the last shot , with Carmelo Anthony missing a 24 - foot three - point jumper at the buzzer that would have sent the game to overtime . At the 1:19 mark of the fourth quarter , it was looking increasing improbable that the Knicks would even have a chance to tie , as Paul George had helped the Pacers open up a 107 - 101 lead with a 17 - foot jumper . However , after New_York got as close as 107 - 105 , Kristaps Porzingis missed a 27 - foot three - point jumper with three seconds remaining , and Myles Turner was able to haul in the all - important defensive rebound . Turner 's succesful conversion of one of two free - throw attempts resulting from an immediate foul by Langston Galloway stretched the lead to three , setting up Anthony 's last - gasp shot from beyond the arc . The missed three notwithstanding , the Knicks enjoyed a remarkable night from long range , shooting 50 percent . Porzingis led the way for New_York with 22 points , two rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Jose Calderon was next with 20 points , his second highest total of the season , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Anthony contributed 14 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . The bench was led by two notable performances . Kyle O'Quinn paced the reserves with 19 points , six boards and a block in a highly efficient 16 minutes , while Galloway supplied 17 points , six rebounds and four assists . New_York remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and six and a half games behind the eighth - seeded Charlotte Hornets . They 're home against the Orlando Magic on Friday . Indiana was spearheaded by George , who furnished 27 points , seven rebounds , six assists and a steal . He came out of intermission on a mission , as all but two of his points came in the second half . Turner finished with 24 points , six boards and a steal . George Hill registered 10 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of thefts . Joseph Young led the reserves with eight points , three assists and a pair of rebounds . Indiana is currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and is also the fifth seed in the conference . They remain home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 34 - 30 ) held off the San_Antonio Spurs ( 53 - 10 ) for the victory Monday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse , 99 - 91 . The Spurs jumped out to a 40 lead , but the Pacers responded with a 14 - 4 run and led for the entirety of the game 's final 45 minutes . The Spurs trailed by 11 heading into the fourth quarter and managed to make it close , as a LaMarcus Aldridge inside bucket with 1:55 to go pulled the Spurs within three at 87 - 90 . But Indiana shot 5 - 5 from the line and 2 - 3 from the floor down the stretch and managed to close the game . Monta Ellis led all scorers with 26 points as part of an extremely efficient offensive night , as he shot 8 - 13 from the floor , 2 - 4 from three and a perfect 8 - 8 from the free throw line . Paul George added 23 points ( 7 - 20 FG , 2 - 5 3PT , 7 - 7 FT ) and Rodney Stuckey added 12 ( 3 - 7 FG , 1 - 1 3PT , 5 - 5 FT ) in just 19 minutes . Indiana shot a brutal 40 percent on two - point shots but made up for it with a 7 - 16 ( 44 percent ) performance from downtown and a brilliant 28 - 30 ( 93 percent ) shooting night at the free throw line . LaMarcus Aldridge managed a double - double with 23 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) and 12 rebounds and Kawhi Leonard tied him for the team lead with 23 points of his own ( 9 - 23 FG , 1 - 7 3PT , 4 - 6 FT ) . Patty Mills was the only other player in double figures with 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 10 3PT ) . But the Spurs could n't find their shot as a team , as David West ( 2 - 3 FG ) was the only Spur to shoot 50 percent or better and te team finished at just 35 percent from the floor and a horrific 4 - 28 ( 14 percent ) from three . The Spurs continue their road trip Tuesday against the Timberwolves . The Pacers have four days off before they head on the road for a Saturday matchup against the Mavericks .
The Indiana Pacers ( 36 - 31 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 39 - 28 ) 103 - 98 on Tuesday . An exciting back - and - forth battle featured a strong fourth quarter from the home team that led them to victory . The Pacers managed a game - high 32 points in the final period , including a 15 - 4 run that provided enough of a cushion to hold off Boston when it counted most . Indiana utilized a strong shooting night to key the victory , as they posted 46 and 46 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Conversely , they held the Celtics to 38 percent and 25 percent figures in those categories , while also forcing 13 turnovers . Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas ' 21 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , six rebounds , two steals and a block . However , he struggled from three - point range , going 3 - for - 11 from beyond the arc . Jared Sullinger followed with a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two steals . Marcus Smart drew the start for the ailing Jae Crowder ( ankle ) , and tallied 12 points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Avery Bradley contributed 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Jonas Jerebko paced the Boston bench with 17 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists . The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and hold the third seed in the conference as well . They 're home versus the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday night . Indiana was led by Paul George , who supplied 25 points , seven rebounds , four assists , four steals and a block . Monta Ellis was next with 16 points , seven rebounds , six assists and a pair of steals . Ian Mahinmi followed with 13 points , six boards and an assist , while George Hill , nursing a sore toe , was able to pitch in with 10 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Jordan Hill led the reserves with 15 points , three rebounds and a block . The Pacers remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They take on the Toronto Raptors at home on Thursday night .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 48 - 22 ) narrowly edged out the host Indiana Pacers ( 36 - 33 ) on Saturday 115 - 111 behind point guard Russell Westbrook 's league - leading 14th triple - double . Westbrook has now set the highest mark for triple - doubles in a season since Magic Johnson 's 17 in 1988 - 89 . Despite contributing just 14 points , well below his season average , Westrbook dished out 14 assists and pulled down 11 rebounds . He leads all guards in rebounding on the season with an average of 8 per game . The triple - double was n't the only story for OKC , a team that has finally gotten its mojo back following a rocky star after the All-Star break . Former MVP Kevin Durant lit up the Indiana defense for 33 points , while still pulling a game - high 13 rebounds and dishing out eight assists . Sixth man Enes Kanter also made his presence knowing , going for 15 points and 10 rebounds in just 24 minutes of play . The Thunder recently became the NBA 's third team to clinch playoff berth , and will now fight to maintain the third seed in the West over the powerhouse Los Angeles Clippers . With four wins in a row under their belt , the Thunder will look to keep up solid play as the NBA season winds down . Indiana , meanwhile , is jockying for position at the bottom of the Eastern Conference playoff picture . The Pacers currently hold the seventh spot in the East . Superstar Paul George was the story for Indiana , as he delivered a whopping 45 points on a team - high 29 shot attempts from the field . Indiana 's offense was heavily reliant on George , as the All-Star forward shouldered the heavy load for the struggling team . Point guard George Hill also had a noteworthy 20 points and nine assists . OKC will host the Houston Rockets on Tuesday , while Indiana will take on the hapless Philadelphia 76ers on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 38 - 33 ) defeated the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 45 ) 92 - 84 , Thursday evening at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . This game epitomized the Pelicans injury woes this season , as Anthony Davis , Tyreke Evans , Jrue Holiday , Eric Gordon , Ryan Anderson and Norris Cole were all sidelined . Nonetheless , New_Orleans brought some fight to Indiana as the game started off close , until Indiana created some separation midway through the second quarter to get up by ten before half . The Pacers maintained that more - or - less 10 - point cushion the rest of the way , earning a much needed win considering their insecure status at seventh in the East ; with Chicago and Detroit hot on their tail . Myles Turner stepped up to lead the Pacers with a huge performance , including 24 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , 16 rebounds and three blocked shots , in 27 minutes . Paul George chipped in 15 points , four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block before he left the game after 19 minutes of play , with a lower leg contusion . The only other Pacer to score in double figures was C.J. Miles , who added 19 points , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Pacers shot 46 percent from the field , while they held the Pelicans to only 41 percent . Alexis Ajinca was the high - point man on New_Orleans ' depleted roster , with 22 points , along with nine rebounds . Alonzo Gee chipped in 17 points , while Tim Frazier came up big off the bench , with 18 points , five rebounds and five assists , in 29 minutes . The Pelicans are nearly eliminated from the playoff race , with their second loss in a row . Next , New_Orleans host the Toronto Raptors on Saturday . The Pacers will look for their third win in a row as they visit Brooklyn Saturday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 37 - 37 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 39 - 35 ) on Tuesday , 98 - 96 . Jimmy Butler has endured an injury - riddled second half of the season , and the ailments have admittedly affected his play . The stellar two - guard has experienced a recent general downturn in scoring , failing to hit the 20 - point mark in seven straight contests . However , with Chicago 's playoff hopes and the game potentially slipping away Tuesday , it was Butler that came through in the clutch . He drained a 10 - foot jump shoot with three seconds remaining to break a 96 - 96 deadlock . The Bulls then survived a C.J. Miles 29 - foot pullup jump shot at the buzzer that could n't find its target , sealing the victory . Chicago was paced by Nikola Mirotic 's outstanding effort off the bench , which consisted of 28 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and a steal over 37 minutes . His total included seven made three - pointers , and his extended playing time came as a result of a rib contusion suffered by Taj Gibson after only 10 minutes on the court . Butler followed with 14 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals , which led the starters . Pau Gasol was next with 10 points , 11 rebounds , seven assists and four blocks . No other Bulls player managed to get into double - digit scoring , with Derrick Rose ( eight points , four assists and a rebound ) notably underperforming . The Bulls remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently two games back of the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Houston to take on the Rockets on Thursday . Indiana was paced by Paul George , who took advantage of the Bulls ' vulnerable defense versus small forwards to tally 20 points , nine rebounds , five assists , four steals and a block . Ian Mahinmi was right behind him with a third straight strong performance , compiling 18 points , seven rebounds , an assist and two blocks . Lavoy Allen paced the Pacers ' reserves with a modest line of nine points and six rebounds . The Pacers are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They 're home again against the Magic on Thursday .
The Orlando Magic ( 32 - 43 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 39 - 36 ) 114 - 94 on Thursday . The contest featured the long - awaited return of Magic center Nikola Vucevic , who had missed all but three games during March with a groin injury . The standout big man came off the bench in his first game back but provided a starter 's stat line , compiling 24 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block to lead the Orlando reserves and also serve as the second - highest scorer on the team . Vucevic 's remarkable outing helped offset a dominant night from Paul George and secure the road victory for the Magic . Orlando was led by a standout effort from Evan Fournier , who contributed 25 points , an assist and two steals . Victor Oladipo was next among the starters with 18 points , seven rebounds , seven assists , two steals and a block . Elfrid Payton followed with 10 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Dewayne Dedmon ( eight points , six rebounds and an assist ) and Aaron Gordon ( six points , four rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block ) both turned in rather modest efforts . Besides Vucevic 's impressive outing off the bench , Andrew Nicholson also played well in a reserve role , totaling 11 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Friday . George 's stellar performance consisted of a game - high 27 points , eight rebounds , three assists and five steals . Monta Ellis was the only other Indiana starter with double - digit scoring , supplying 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block . Myles Turner ( eight points , eight rebounds two assists and a block ) and Ian Mahinmi ( six points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block ) filled out the stat sheet despite not providing spectacular numbers in any one category . Lavoy Allen paced the reserves with a double - double that featured 12 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Pacers remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the eighth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 42 - 36 ) have nearly secured playoff berth after dismantling the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 56 - 23 ) on Wednesday , 123 - 109 . Cleveland star LeBron James rested during the contest . Indiana now simply needs a win or a Bulls loss to secure playoff berth . Superstar forward Paul George elevated his play for one of his biggest performances of the season , dropping in a massively efficient 29 points on the first - seeded Cavaliers . Backcourt star Monta Ellis , meanwhile , chipped in 13 points and dished out eight assists . As a team , Indiana simply shot the lights out , converting on 56 percent of shots from the field and draining 16 three - pointers . Indiana 's massive shooting night was bolstered in part by 21 points and six threes from C.J. Miles off the bench . Cleveland , meanwhile , failed to take the record for most consectuive games with 10 or more made three - pointers . With eight threes and 47 percent from the field , the team still shot respectably , but clearly suffered on the defensive end in LeBron 's absence . All-Star Kyrie Irving led the way with 26 points , but overall the team could not get it done against the playoff - hungry Pacers . The Cavs have a chance to formally eliminate the Bulls on Saturday . Indiana , meanwhile , will take the court on Friday in Toronto .
The Indiana Pacers ( 43 - 37 ) blew out the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 59 ) on Sunday , 129 - 105 . A win here would have guaranteed a a playoff spot for the Pacers and they made sure there was no doubt that would happen . The game was well out of hand early , as they led 39 - 19 after the first quarter , won the second quarter 30 - 22 and won the third quarter 35 to 31 . The 28 - point halftime lead was the Pacers high of the season and it shows how much motivation they had coming into this game . The defense was key , as they held the Nets to 39 percent shooting and forced them to commit 15 turnovers . The Indiana offense wasn’t shabby either , as they shot a cool 56 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . This game meant very little for the Nets and they clearly didn’t show up . Thomas Robinson has been the teams best player over recent weeks , but he left early due to a knee injury . Markel Brown stepped up off the bench though , as he amassed 18 points , 11 rebounds , four assists , six steals and three blocks . Donald Sloan contributed 19 points , three rebounds and five assists of his own off the bench as well . Sean Kilpatrick led the team with 26 points , as he also came off the bench . Up next for the Nets is a matchup with the Washington Wizards on Monday . Indiana wanted to make sure they 'd secure a spot in the postseason , as they put it on the Nets in this lopsided game . Myles Turner was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . George Hill led the starters with 18 points , while also providing five rebounds and four assists . Ty Lawson had one of his best games in a Pacer uniform , as he accumulated seven points , six rebounds and nine assists . On deck for the Pacers is a matchup with the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 44 - 37 ) took a half - game lead for seventh in the Eastern Conference after a 102 - 90 win over the New_York Knicks ( 32 - 50 ) on Tuesday . Indiana shot 51 percent from the field on Tuesday , a trend that bodes well for the playoff - bound team . Superstar Paul George hit half his shots , going 6 - for - 12 en route to 19 points in 29 minutes . The forward tacked on four rebounds and six assists . Center Ian Mahinmi , meanwhile , had a respectable outing of 14 points and eight rebounds . Mahinmi has made a name for himself in the Pacers starting five this year , and is now high on many experts ' lists for both Most Improved Player and Defensive Player of the Year contention . Another promising sign for Indiana heading into the playoffs was the strong play of bench guard Ty Lawson . Lawson , a borderline All-Star for much of his career in Denver , has seen a rocky 2015 - 16 season both on and off the court . The point guard has dealt with multiple DUI charges and had a disappointing stint in Houston before being cut , eventually landing himself in a Pacers uniform . The acquisition paid dividends for Indiana on Tuesday , as Lawson scored nine points and dished out eight assists in 24 minutes of play . The Knicks , meanwhile , became the first team to see its season end following Tuesday 's loss . At 30 - 52 , the Knicks will miss the playoffs for the third straight season . On Tuesday , the team 's top two options , veteran superstar Carmelo Antony and rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis , both sat . Forward Derrick Williams led the team with 21 points , while rookie point guard Jerian Grant put up a promising 18 points , six assists , and six rebounds . Overall , however , it was a quiet night for the Knicks on Tuesday , rounding out what has been a quiet year for basketball in the city that never sleeps . The Pacers will play their last regular season game on Wednesday in Milwaukee .
In this high scoring game the Golden_State Warriors ( 30 ) came out on top against the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 3 ) with a 134 - 120 victory . A fast paced high scoring game is exactly the style of ball that Golden_State has thrived on and it was just that which led them to a smooth win over the Pelicans . The game was punctuated by a 28 point third quarter from the scoring machine Steph Curry . The Warriors were up to business as usual running and gunning their fast paced offence leading to some great opportunities at the rim and of course tons of good looks from beyond the arc . Curry shot a stellar 17 - 27 from the field , 8 - 14 from distance and a perfect 11 - 11 from the free throw line , totalling 53 points , all while dishing nine assists and he did it all in only 36 minutes . Curry reminds us just about every game that he is the real MVP . Klay Thompson had a calm 19 points on 50 percent shooting , while Draymond Green filled the stat sheet as usual with 21 points , six rebounds and four assists . As a team Golden_State shot an impressive 54 percent from the field and 56 percent from long range . As for the Pelicans , who have not fared well so far this season , taking their third loss in a row , resulting in a 0 - 3 record , frustration seems to be mounting . Anthony Davis picked up a technical foul towards the end of the game as he thought he should have been heading to the line for a perceived foul against him . Despite not getting all the whistles he would have liked Davis had as good a game as you could ask of the young man , scoring 26 points on 8 - 17 shooting and hauling in a monstrous 15 rebounds . Davis had help from Jrue Holiday who has been easing back into form after recovering from injury throughout the off season . Holiday contributed 22 points on 8 - 19 shooting and dished six assists . Tony Douglas proved himself a good addition in his first game for New_Orleans scoring 17 points , 3 rebounds and four assists . The Pelicans picked up Douglas after waiving Nate Robinson , in an effort to field a more two - way player . Next up for Golden_State is a date with Memphis at home on Monday , while the Pelicans wait until Tuesday , when they will try to scrap out a win against the feisty Orlando Magic .
The Orlando Magic ( 1 - 3 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 4 ) 103 - 94 on Tuesday . In a battle of winless teams , the Magic took down the Pelicans in a poorly played game . The two teams battled turnover problems and defensive struggles all game long , with poor offensive execution hurting both teams . The Pelicans defense was especially lackluster , as they allowed an ugly 56 points in the paint . They 'll need to sure up their defense if they want to get out of this deep hole they are digging . Orlando has been better than their 0 - 3 record would indicate coming into the game , as they lost the first three games by a combined nine points . The Magic were led by Evan Fournier in this game , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds , four assists , and two steals across 42 minutes of play . Center Nikola Vucevic also had a nice game , recording 22 points and 13 rebounds in the victory . The Magic shot 12 - for - 12 from the free - throw line , and that 's a great sign after shooting just 59 percent from the charity stripe in their loss to the Bulls on Sunday . The Magic will look to build on this win in the final half of a back - to - back against the Houston Rockets ( 1 - 3 ) on Wednesday . The Pelicans ' struggles continued on Tuesday , and it can mostly be attributed to their defense . They have now allowed at least 100 points in every game and have regularly failed to protect the rim . Offensively , the Pelicans were led by Eric Gordon , who scored 21 points and recorded four assists in 38 minutes . Superstar Anthony Davis continued to struggle with his stroke though , as he went just 3 - for - 12 from the field to bring his field - goal percentage down below 40 percent on the season . The team has yet to find a replacement for the injured Tyreke Evans , and they 'll need Davis to play up to his All-Star standards if they want to win some games . The Pelicans will look to grab that first elusive win against the Atlanta Hawks ( 4 - 1 ) on Friday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 6 ) blew out the Dallas Mavericks ( 3 - 4 ) 120 - 105 on Tuesday . The Pelicans picked up their first win of the season on Tuesday in brilliant fashion . The final score makes it look like a respectable loss , but the Pelicans were up by double - digits nearly the whole game . New_Orleans shot 50 percent from the field and made 14 three - pointers en route to a win . Dallas made three big offseason signings and it has yet to work out for them . In this game specifically , Wesley Matthews , Chandler Parsons and Deron Williams combined for just 11 points , seven rebounds and five assists across 55 minutes of action . The team was led by its bench in this game , as they totaled 58 points in the defeat . The Mavericks got a nice performance from Charlie Villanueva off the bench as well , who amassed 15 points and nine rebounds across 26 minutes of play . The Mavericks were able to rest their starters quite a bit here and that could be beneficial when they will look to rebound in their next game against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back . The Pelicans got that first elusive win , and it came in relatively easy fashion . They had five players who scored at least 17 points with Ryan Anderson leading the bunch . Anderson put up 25 points and 11 rebounds while going 10 - for - 16 from the field . Ish Smith continued his good form as well , as he provided 17 points and 12 assists off the bench . Star Anthony Davis was forced out due to a hip issue and his status is unkown at this tome for the Pelican next game . This team is way too talented to get their first win on November 10 and hopefully this will be the start of a big run . They 'll look to start a winning - streak against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 5 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 10 ) 115 - 98 on Tuesday . In a game where small - ball was on display , the Nuggets prevailed with an impressive victory . Denver shot 53 percent from the field and hit 15 - of - 30 threes to go 50 percent from long distance . The shooting is no surprise though , as the Pelicans continue to prove they have one of the worst defenses in the NBA . Anthony Davis left this game in the first quarter because of a shoulder injury and did not return . The Nuggets also rebounded the Pelicans 43 - 33 in the win and scored over 30 points in three of four quarters . The Nuggets were blown out of the building by the Phoenix Suns in their most recent game , but played angry here . Denver was led by a fantastic performance from Danilo Gallinari , who scored a season - high 32 points to go along with eight rebounds and eight assists . They also got another great bench performance from Will Barton , who totaled 17 points and seven rebounds . Gary Harris also scored a career - high 16 points and provided four rebounds , three assists and two steals in the win . This was one of Denver 's best games of the season , as they recorded a impressive 27 assists in the win . Denver will have to travel to San Antonio on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back to take on the Spurs in what will surely be a tough task . The Pelicans lost Anthony Davis early in this game and couldn’t recover from that . They once again allowed 110 - plus points and are undoubtedly the worst defense in the NBA right now . The Pelicans were led by Ryan Anderson , who tallied 24 points and six rebounds while replacing Davis . The perimeter defense was the key to the loss though , as they allowed 15 three - pointers , with many of them being open shots . That 's been the problem with this team all year and they 'll need to fix that if they want to dig out of this deep hole they are digging themselves . If Davis is to miss significant time , this defense will only get worse . The scary thing for the Pelicans is that they have try to stop the unstoppable Russell Westbrook on Wednesday when they travel to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder . That 's simply a recipe for a monster game from Westbrook once again .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 2 - 11 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 9 - 3 ) 104 - 90 on Friday . The Pelicans pulled off what would easily be considered the season’s biggest upset to date , with forwards Anthony Davis and Ryan Anderson accounting for nearly half of New_Orleans’ points . Davis made a strong return from his recent shoulder injury by posting his fifth double - double of the campaign , while Anderson managed a second consecutive 30 - point performance in just 33 minutes . The Spurs looked poised to dominate as expected in the early going , opening up the game with a quick 80 lead . LaMarcus Aldridge and Kawhi Leonard lead the way with 20 and 22 points , respectively , but no other San_Antonio starter managed much of an impact . Tim Duncan notably struggled against a New_Orleans defense that had generally been vulnerable against centers , collecting only six points , two assists , and a steal over 19 minutes . San_Antonio fell to 9 - 3 but remains in first place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They head home for a showdown versus the Grizzlies on Saturday . For the home team , Davis tallied 20 points and 18 rebounds in an intriguing matchup against LaMarcus Aldridge . Eric Gordon had less of an offensive role with Davis in the lineup , but still pitched in with 11 points , two assists , a rebound , and a pair of steals . In addition to Anderson’s outstanding efforts , Ish Smith also represented the Pelicans bench extremely well , tallying 17 points and 13 assists in 33 minutes . It marked the point guard’s third consecutive double - digit scoring night , as he continues to receive a considerable allotment of playing time even when Jrue Holiday is active due to the latter’s minutes cap . The Pelicans improved to 2 - 11 but remain in last place in the Western Conference’s Southwest Division . They remain home for a matchup versus Phoenix on Sunday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 3 - 11 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 6 ) 122 - 116 on Sunday . This was an extremley high - scoring game and it was simply fun to watch , Both teams had well over 100 possessions in the game and the pace was at a ridiculously high level . There were also a ton of three - pointers taken , as both teams attempted a combined 66 threes . The biggest difference in the game was the shooting , as the Pelicans shot 46 percent while the Suns shot just 39 percent from the field . The Suns played good enough to win in this game , but they simply didn’t shoot well enough to keep up with the Pelicans . Their defense was lacking as well , as they allowed twice as many paint points as they scored ( 44 - 22 ) . Eric Bledsoe put in another all - around great performance though , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the defeat . He did miss the majority of the third quarter for an unknown injury , but he was able to return for the final 12 minutes . An interesting development is that of Tyson Chandler’s playing time , as he saw just 16 minutes in the defeat . His minutes have been slowly dissipating as of late and it 's mainly due to the fact that the Suns prefer to play small - ball . It will be interesting to see how this Chandler experiment will work in Phoenix . The Suns will have to play again on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back , as they 'll have to travel to San Antonio to take on the Spurs . The Pelicans appear to be finally putting it all together and it 's likely as simple as health . Anthony Davis played a full complement of minutes here and had a fantastic game . Davis totaled 32 points , 19 rebounds , four blocks and two steals in the victory . The bench also continued its recent success , as Ish Smith and Ryan Anderson put in some fine performances . In fact , Anderson had 29 points and that 's his fourth consecutive 20 - point game , which is a fantastic sign considering he had just seven 20 - point outings all of last season . Smith flirted with a triple - double , as he collected 17 points , nine rebounds and eight assists off the bench . This is a very talented team and they are still feared no matter how bad their record looks . The Pelicans have now won two - straight and they 'll look to add to that winning streak on Wednesday in a rematch with these Suns .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 10 - 8 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 14 ) 113 - 104 on Tuesday night . In a battle of one of the worst offenses against one of the worst defenses , the bad offense prevailed . Memphis shot 48 percent from the field in this game , while attempting just 10 three - pointers . The big differences in the game were the free - throw shooting and rebounding . The Grizzlies went 25 - for - 26 from the free - throw line , while the Pelicans made the same amount in 33 attempts . Memphis also outrebounded New_Orleans 49 - 37 , which is a good sign with their rebounding struggles this season . Memphis got a much needed win here against a struggling New_Orleans team . What is even better about this result is that it may give their offense a much needed boost . Marc Gasol had a fantastic game on Tuesday , as he tallied 38 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and four blocks in the win . The bench was effective as well , as three players scored in double - figures . This is a team hitting its stride after a terrible start to the season and that 's a scary sight for the rest of the Western Conference . The Grizzlies will look to build off this win when they take on the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday . The Pelicans defense let them down once again , as they allowed another 110 - plus point game . The loss now makes them 1 - 10 on the road this season and it 's starting to look like a lost year for the playoff hopefuls . The Pelicans did get some nice performances in this game though . Anthony Davis set a season - high with nine blocks in the loss and also recorded a double - double . Tyreke Evans also made his season debut and played brilliantly , totaling 20 points , 10 assists and five rebounds in the defeat . Evans is a great talent and this team should be much better off with him in the lineup . It remains to be seen if he 'll play in New_Orleans next game , as it 's the second half of a back - to - back against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 5 - 15 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 6 ) 114 - 108 in overtime on Friday . LeBron James scored 23 points in the 4th quarter , but the lone effort was not enough after Jrue Holiday nailed a three pointer with under 10 seconds left in regulation to force overtime . James finished with 37 points , seven rebounds and eight assists on 13 - of - 29 shooting , but was held scoreless in the overtime period . J.R. Smith opened the night hot from the 3 - point line , hitting three straight from deep , but was unable to continue the efficiency , as he finished with 18 points and four rebounds on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Kevin Love added 15 points and 10 rebounds , while Mozgov and Dellavedova contributed eight points each . Anthony Davis provided an all - around dominant performance in front of his hometown fans at the Smoothie King Center , and finished with 31 points and 12 rebounds on 13 - of - 22 shooting . Jrue Holiday contributed clutch baskets down the stretch and in overtime , as he finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and five assists in 25 minutes off the bench . Ryan Anderson , Tyreke Evans and Eric Gordon all finished in double figures to aid Anthony Davis in a strong win over last years Eastern Conference champions . The Cavaliers will visit the Miami Heat ( 11 - 6 ) on Saturday , while Pelicans host the Boston Celtics ( 11 - 8 ) on Monday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 6 - 16 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 9 - 12 ) 107 - 105 in a nail - biter on Friday . This was an exciting game that ultimately came down to the final shot . Gary Neal took the last shot at the buzzer to tie the game , but could n't quite come through for the Wizards . Both teams shot well , as they were both right around the 50 percent mark . The Pelicans outrebounded the Wizards 41 - 33 and that very well may have been the difference in the game The Wizards had to play this game with a multitude of injuries and that 's a bad recipe to win on the road . Drew Gooden , Nene Hilario and Kris Humphries all were ruled out well before the game , but the big surprise was the late scratch of Bradley Beal . He was inactive due to some leg soreness and that 's a major worry for Washington fans , as that 's the same leg he had a stress fracture on just last season . That means John Wall had to step up and he did just that . Wall tallied 26 points , 12 assists and seven rebounds in a tough loss . This 9 - 12 record is not what Wizards fans hoped for and they need to get healthy first if they want to get any better . They 'll travel to Dallas on Saturday to take on the Mavericks in the second half of a back - to - back . The Pelicans got a much needed win here , as the season has been slipping away since day one . This Pelicans roster was depleted just as much as Washington 's just last week , but most of those guys are back now . Most notably , Tyreke Evans is back and playing brilliantly . Evans contributed 27 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals to carry his team to a victory . Jrue Holiday , Anthony Davis , Eric Gordon and Evans carried the load , as they combined for 79 points in the win . The struggling defense still allowed 105 points , but that actually lowered their season average , amazingly . New_Orleans will look to keep this momentum going on Saturday , when they take on the Chicago Bulls in the second half of a back - to - back set .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 9 - 19 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 20 ) 115 - 89 on Wednesday . The Blazers have now lost four consecutive games , with the last pair of defeats coming with Damian Lillard sidelined with plantar fasciitis . Backcourt mate C.J. McCollum valiantly returned from his own ailment ( two sprained ankles ) on Wednesday to attempt to provide some offensive punch in the All-Star point guard 's absence , but Portland fell woefully short overall , despite facing a Pelicans defense that came in yielding a league - worst 108 points per game . The Blazers have now failed to hit the century mark scoring - wise in both contests that Lillard has missed , underscoring how much the offensively - challenged team misses his 25 points and 7 assists per game . McCollum was able to muster 19 points , seven assists and five rebounds while serving as the point guard for the night in Lillard 's stead . Allen Crabbe ( 12 points ) and Al-Farouq Aminu ( 10 points ) joined him in tallying double - digit points but went a combined 8 for 23 from the field . Mason Plumlee managed a modest eight points but did contribute 12 rebounds , the fifth time in the last six games he 's hauled in double - digit boards . Meyers Leonard paced the Portland reserves with a productive 15 - point , five - rebound outing over 27 efficient minutes . While Portland did manage to outrebound New_Orleans on the offensive glass by the significant margin of 22 to 8 , their general inability to do much with their second chances served as a reflection of their current scoring struggles . The Trail_Blazers dropped to 11 - 20 and currently reside in the last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Cleveland to take on the Cavs on Saturday . The home team was spearheaded by another monster double - double from All-Star Anthony Davis , who exploited the Trail_Blazers ' vulnerabilities in the frontcourt . Davis managed 28 points , 12 rebounds , an assist , a steal and three blocks . Meanwhile , Tyreke Evans was right behind him with a performance that was just an assist and a couple of rebounds short of a triple - double , compiling 24 points , nine dimes and eight boards . Eric Gordon was the third starter in double - digits , pouring in 11 points , six assists and four rebounds . Jrue Holiday ( 19 points ) and Ryan Anderson ( 13 points ) supported their efforts with a pair of formidable contributions from the bench . The Pelicans upped their record to 9 - 19 but remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Miami to face the Heat in a Christmas Day showdown .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 10 - 20 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 16 ) 110 - 108 on Saturday night in an exciting game . This looked like it would be one of the highest - scoring game of all - time in the first quarter , but it just turned into a fun game for fans . The teams combined for 74 points in the first quarter and the three - point shooting was impressive all night long . Houston went 15 - for - 33 while the Pelicans went 13 - for - 24 from long distance . These are two of the worst defensive teams in the NBA and that fact ended up prevailing once again on Saturday . The Rockets did a good job of staying in this game , but they didn’t do enough to win . The starting backcourt was key on Saturday , as all three of them played well . James Harden was the best player once again , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and five assists in the loss . Trevor Ariza and Patrick Beverley also scored 16 points a piece in what was some of their best games of the season . The problem tonight was the defense once again , as they allowed 54 percent shooting from long distance and 50 percent from the field . The Rockets will look to bounce - back against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday . The Pelicans had a horrendous start to the season , but are slowly getting better and better . This was one of their best offensive games of the season , as six players scored a combined 87 points . Eric Gordon led the team with 26 points and went 10 - for - 12 from the field while dishing out five assists . Anthony Davis also had an impressive game , as he collected 24 points and 13 rebounds . Tyreke Evans had a horrible shooting night , but he still dished out a team - high 13 assists while controlling the offense and capping off the game with a steal . They 'll look to keep up this oform against the Orlando Magic on Monday in their next game .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 21 - 15 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 23 ) 100 - 91 on Wednesday at the Smoothie King Center in New_Orleans . Despite a close game throughout , the Mavericks ended up as the better shooters Wednesday , going 43 percent from the floor and 25 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans finished at 37 percent from the field and just 23 percent from deep . The Mavericks also dominated the boards , though , finishing with a 41 to 36 advantage . It was Raymond Felton who did the majority of the work for the Mavericks on Wednesday . Felton finished with a team - high of 22 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , to go along with six assists and a pair of rebounds . His points total came just one point shy of a season - high for the 10th - year pro out of North Carolina . Chandler Parsons also put up some impressive numbers . He went off for 21 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , while also adding eight rebounds and six assists . Parsons is averaging just 9 points , 3 rebounds , and 2 assists so far this season , so it was a step in the right direction for him . Notching a double - double was Dwight Powell , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) and 10 rebounds over 29 minuteus off the bench . For the Pelicans , superstar Anthony Davis did everything he could to keep the Pelicans alive . He went off for a game - high of 26 points ( 11 - 25 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with 12 rebounds , seven assists and three blocked shots . Davis came just shy of a triple - double , but it was n't enough to propel the Pelicans to the victory . Tyreke Evans chipped in with 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , nine rebounds and five assists over 35 minutes as well . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Pelicans will take on the Pacers at home in New Oreleans at the Smoothie King Center on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 21 - 15 ) picked up an interconference road win Friday night at Smoothie King Center as they downed the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 24 ) , 91 - 86 . The Pacers endured a rare down night from star forward Paul George , who mustered just 13 points on a brutal 3 - 13 shooting performance , including 1 - 7 from three . Center Ian Mahinmi stepped up to the fill the void , as he scored 17 points , pulled down 10 rebounds and blocked four shots in just 24 minutes of action . It was a Mahinmi hook shot plus the foul that gave the Pacers an 84 - 82 lead with 4:46 remaining , and they would n't relinquish it . Indiana needed a mammoth defensive effort to overcome their poor offensive performance , as they shot just 5 - 21 from the three - point line and turned the ball over a staggering 24 times . They managed to stay in the game by grabbing 40 rebounds on the Pelicans ' 48 missed shots ( 83 defensive rebound rate ) and blocking seven shots . C.J. Miles 's performance off the bench - - 15 points on 6 - 12 shooting - - helped give the Pacers just enough offense to make the effort on the other end stick . That defensive effort was made easier when Pelicans star Anthony Davis was forced to leave the game after just three minutes when he suffered a lower back contusion after diving into the stands during an attempt at a rebound . Tyreke Evans stepped up to fill the void , as he scored 27 points on an efficient 10 - 19 shooting night . Ryan Anderson filled Davis 's big man shoes admirably , as he scored 21 points and grabbed six rebounds , but New_Orleans shot just 37 percent as a team and did n't have enough firepower without its superstar . The Pacers have now won two straight and will look to make it three Sunday at Houston . New_Orleans now owns a two game losing streak and will look to turn it around Sunday in Los Angeles .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 13 - 26 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 18 - 21 ) 109 - 107 on Friday night at Smoothie King Center in New_Orleans . This was a close game the whole way , going back and forth with 14 lead changes and 12 ties . After Kemba Walker tied it up at 107 with 2 seconds left , the Pelicans called time out to set themselves up with a side inbound . The ball was inbounded to Jrue Holiday who ran a quick pick and roll with Anthony Davis . Holiday threw a perfect alley - oop pass to Davis who converted the play and sealed the win for the Pelicans . The Pelicans snapped a three - game home losing streak and gave Charlotte its ninth straight road loss . New_Orleans has now won both its games since Anthony Davis returned to the lineup last Wednesday . Davis contributed a solid 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds , four assists , two blocked shots and one steal . Ryan Anderson was the hero though , as he finished with a game - high 32 points , ( 12 - 19 FG , 6 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds , in 28 minutes off the bench . Jrue Holiday chipped in 13 points ( 6 - 14 FG ) , 10 assists and six rebounds , in 27 minutes off the bench . Tyreke Evans was back in the lineup after missing games with a sore knee . He finished with 12 points and seven assists , in 26 minutes . The Hornets are now 4 - 14 on the road as their struggles continue . Kemba Walker did everything he could in this one , finishing with 25 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt ) , four assists and four rebounds , in 41 minutes . Nicolas Batum also poured in 25 ( 11 - 22 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt ) , along with eight assists and four rebounds , in 40 minutes . Frank Kaminsky had a good game with 18 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) and six rebounds , in 24 minutes off the bench . Charlotte still has a chance to turn things around as their strong start to the season gave them a bit of a cushion ; they are only 3 games out of eighth in the East . Next the Hornets host the Bucks on Saturday , which will be the second of a back to back for both teams . The Pelicans will visit Memphis to play the Grizzlies on Monday .
The Houston Rockets ( 25 - 22 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 16 - 28 ) 112 - 111 on Monday . In a testament to the collective improvement the Pelicans have shown since a 1 - 11 start , the team nearly pulled out a victory despite only getting 19 minutes out of All-Star Anthony Davis due to a concussion . With their main source of offense down , two of the most valuable bench players in the league stepped up to keep New_Orleans within striking distance until the scoreboard showed triple zeros . Jrue Holiday equaled the combined scoring total of the starting five with a 32 - point tally , while Ryan Anderson contributed 22 points over the extra playing time he received in Davis ' stead . Despite the impressive performances , it was ironically a missed 33 - foot three - point jumper from Holiday as time expired that sealed the Pelicans ' fate on a night when their valiant effort fell just short . Houston shot 48 percent from the field , as well as 49 percent from beyond the arc . James Harden was an intergral contributor to both figures , tallying a near triple - double with 35 points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , a steal and a block . His scoring haul included three three - pointers . Trevor Ariza played an impressive all - around game , managing 31 points , five rebounds , three assists , a team - high three steals and a block . He also defended Davis well while the latter was on the floor . Patrick Beverley stuffed the stat sheet , registering 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Clint Capela filled in for Dwight Howard for a third consecutive game , collecting 10 points and five rebounds . Marcus Thornton paced the Rockets ' reserves with 12 points , a pair of assists and a rebound . With the victory , Houston remains in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs in a Wednesday tilt . Holiday added nine assists , six rebounds and three steals to his team - high scoring total . Anderson hauled in nine rebounds and recorded one block to supplement his 22 points . Veteran Toney Douglas was the third Pelicans reserve to post double - digit scoring , and the third - highest scorer on the team as well , managing 18 points . He also added six assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Norris Cole spearheaded the starting five with 10 points , four rebounds and four assists , the only member of the first unit to reach double - digit points . Backcourt mate Tyreke Evans notably contributed only five points , two rebounds and two assists over a scant 16 minutes on the court , as Holiday 's success garnered him an abundant 36 minutes of floor time and kept Evans a spectator for extended stretches . With the loss , New_Orleans remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 're at home again on Thursday to face off against the Sacramento Kings .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 17 - 28 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 26 ) 114 - 105 on Thursday night . New_Orleans came into this game extremely shorthanded , but were still able to pull out an important win against a hot Kings team . The pace was incredible in this game , as the two teams combined for 187 shots . The Pelicans got off to a fast start and that really proved to be the difference , as they outscored the Kings 37 to 19 in the first quarter . Sacramento has been playing some of their best basketball of the season since the new year , but this does mark their third - straight loss . It wasn’t for the faults of DeMarcus Cousins or Rajon Rondo though , as they both had great games . Cousins finished with 26 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and five blocks , while Rondo tallied 17 points , 15 assists and six rebounds . Ben McLemore had one of his best games of the season as well , as he scored 26 points while hitting five three - pointers in the loss . Sacramento will look to bounce back on Saturday against the Memphis Grizzlies in their next game . New_Orleans had to play this game without arguably their two best players , but this type of performance shows how talented their depth can be . Anthony Davis and Tyreke Evans both sat out with different ailments , but players like Ryan Anderson and Norris Cole stepped up in their absences . Anderson was the star of the game , as he scored 36 points while snatching down nine boards . Cole played a lot of point guard tonight and accumulated 17 points , 10 assists and seven rebounds in a great all - around performance . Jrue Holiday was no slouch either , as he amassed 25 points , five rebounds and eight assists off the bench . Up next for New_Orleans is another winnable game against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 29 - 20 ) defeated the host New_Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 29 ) 110 - 95 , on Monday at Smoothie King Center in New_Orleans . This was a tight game between two streaking teams that featured 14 lead changes and 11 ties . The Pelicans led 86 - 84 with seven minutes remaining in the fourth quarter but the Grizzlies turned it up at that point , out - scoring the Pelicans 24 - 11 the rest of the way . Vince Carter was a big part of that late surge by Memphis as he exploded for 11 of his 13 points in the final five minutes . With this win the Grizzlies are 8 - 1 in their last nine games and have won four straight , while the Pelicans finished their seven - game home stand with a 5 - 2 record . The Grizzlies ' bench contributed 48 points to the winning cause . Jeff Green led the team in scoring , with 24 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , in 33 minutes off the bench . Zach Randolph tallied a double - double with 22 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) and 12 rebounds , in 32 minutes . Mike Conley also notched a double - double , with 17 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and 10 assists , along with four rebounds , in 28 minutes . The Grizzlies shot 60 percent from the field and 56 percent from long range , including 5 - 6 from deep in the fourth quarter to run away with this one . The Pelicans were missing Tyreke Evans ( knee ) for the third straight game . Norris Cole did a good job starting in Evans ' place , as he finished with 23 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six assists and three rebounds , in 37 minutes . Anthony Davis tallied 23 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) in 37 minutes as well . He also chipped in nine rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . No one else scored in double digits for the Pelicans as they saw their win streak stopped short at two games . Next the Pelicans will visit San Antonio for a Wednesday night contest . The Grizzlies will have a few days off before visiting New York to face the Knicks on Friday
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 20 - 32 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 26 - 26 ) 100 - 96 on Wednesday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Pelicans got a much needed win to keep slim hopes alive for the playoffs . The Pelicans outscored the Jazz 29 - 19 in the fourth quarter for a comeback win . The turnovers were the key difference , as Utah committed 17 turnovers to the Pelicans nine . This loss cracked a seven - game winning streak for the Jazz , so losing in the second end of a back - to - back is nothing to be upset about . Derrick Favors was fantastic , as he amassed 29 points and six rebounds in the loss . Gordon Hayward got off to a terrible start , but finished strong by tallying 21 points , four rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Rudy Gobert finished with 12 points and 14 rebounds en route to a double - double as well . Utah 's next game wo n't be until the 18th , when they play the Washington Wizards after tea All-Star break . Only two Pelicans players scored more than 11 points , but they still managed to walk away with a huge win . Jrue Holiday was easily the player of the game , as he tallied 21 points , six rebounds and nine assists off the bench . Anthony Davis was the only other notable stat line , as he accumulated 19 points , four rebounds , and five assists while battling foul trouble in the victory . New_Orleans has one final game before the All-Star break , as they travel to play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 21 - 33 ) defeated the visiting Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 46 ) 121 - 114 , on Friday night at Smoothie King Center . The Pelicans led the whole way in this game , despite a ferocious run by the 76ers , which cut a 22 - point lead to a one - point lead early in the fourth quarter . The Pelicans responded by rebuilding their lead to 10 with four minutes to go and hanging on the rest of the way . Both teams shot over 50 percent from the field , over 40 percent from long - range and over 80 percent from the foul line . With this win the Pelicans home record improves to 15 - 12 . Anthony Davis led the way for New_Orleans with 34 points ( 9 - 22 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 16 - 20 FT ) , seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks , in 38 minutes . Davis scored 18 of his points in the first quarter , giving his team the boost they needed to stay on top . Jrue Holiday was huge in 33 minutes off the bench , logging a double - double with 24 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and 12 assists , along with four steals and three rebounds . Ryan Anderson was even more potent with his scoring off the bench , as he chipped in 26 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , in 27 minutes . The 76ers had seven players contribute double digits in the points column , a stat which the struggling squad can find comfort in . Nerlens Noel was the anchor as he tallied 24 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and one blocked shot , in 36 minutes . Ish Smith finished with 12 points , seven assists , four steals and three rebounds , in 31 minutes , while Jahlil Okafor tallied 14 points and five rebounds , before fouling out . Philly gave up 20 turnovers , despite playing a good game in many other ways . The 76ers will now head to Dallas to face the Mavericks on Sunday . The Pelicans will go head to head with the Pistons , in Detroit on Sunday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 34 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 41 - 17 ) 123 - 119 on Thursday . Not many people would have expected the shorthanded Pelicans to win a game over the Thunder , but they did just that on Thursday . The key for New_Orleans was their lights - out shooting , as they shot 52 percent from the field , 94 percent from the free - throw line and 60 percent from three - point range . The bench differential was huge as well , with the Pelicans bench scoring 60 points to the Thunder 's 20 . The one criticism with Oklahoma_City is that they are a two - man team and that became the issue on Thursday . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook both put up monster lines , but it wasn’t enough to win . Durant finished with 32 points , 14 rebounds and seven assists , while Westbrook tallied 44 points , nine assists and four rebounds . Only one other player scored in double - digits , as Serge Ibaka scored 15 in the loss . Up next for Oklahoma_City is a showcase game against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday . New_Orleans came into this game as a six - point underdog and rode their bench to a win . Ryan Anderson scored 26 points off the bench , with Jrue Holiday providing 22 points and nine assists of his own . Anthony Davis led the team with 30 points and also swatted away four shots in the win . Norris Cole put in a all - around great performance , as he accumulated 21 points , six rebounds and eight assists in the victory . The Pelicans will look to build on this win on Saturday against the Minnesota Timberwolves in their next game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 19 - 40 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 35 ) 112 - 110 , on Saturday at Smoothie King Center . Anthony Davis , one of the league 's hottest players lately , had to leave the floor after injuring his foot in the pre - game warm up and did not return . With Davis then missing from the line - up and Omer Asik still out , the Pelicans had to look down their bench , while sharpshooter Ryan Anderson filled in as starter . Despite missing their all - star , the Pelicans held the lead for most of the game but the tides turned as the Timberwolves took the lead with 2:40 left , 104 - 103 . Once the Timberwolves got on top , they hung on to steal the win in New_Orleans , behind Karl-Anthony Towns ' team - high 30 points . The youngsters had huge games for Minnesota . Karl-Anthony Towns was a beast as he tallied a team - high 30 points ( 13 - 20 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) , along with 15 rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , in 35 minutes . Zach LaVine chipped in 25 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and five rebounds , in 35 minutes , while Ricky Rubio dished 10 assists , along with is nine points , in 35 minutes . Andrew Wiggins struggled from the field but made up for it from the free throw line , as he added 20 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , including two clutch free throws with three seconds left that ultimately won the game . The Timberwolves shot 50 percent from the field and only attempted 15 three - points , of which five were successful . New_Orleans came into this game winners of five of their last seven and with the good news that Eric Gordon would be returning to the line - up after missing 16 games , but things took a turn for the worst when Anthony Davis injured his foot in pre - game warm up . Ryan Anderson stepped it up as he scored 13 points in his first 13 minutes on the floor and finished with 31 points ( 10 - 18 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , 14 rebounds , and two blocked shots , in 40 minutes , while Eric Gordon provided another bright spot for the Pelicans as he totaled 31 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , three rebounds , three steals and two assists , in 34 minutes . Jrue Holiday added 20 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and eight assists , in 35 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans will have a few days off before playing in Houston next Wednesday , giving Davis some time to perhaps recover . The Timberwolves will wind - up their current three - game road trip with a game in Dallas on Sunday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 52 - 9 ) won a back - and - forth game over the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 37 ) Thursday night at Smoothie King Center , 94 - 86 . The game was tight throughout , as neither team managed to build up a double - digit lead at any point in the game . The Pelicans , who earned a one - point halftime lead , led for the first nine minutes of the fourth quarter . But the Spurs exploded in the game 's final minutes , as they ended the game on a an 18 - 5 run and scored on every single one of their final eight possessions before running the clock out to end the game . Kawhi Leonard led all scorers with 30 points , bolstered by six made three - pointers , and added 11 rebounds , three assists , two blocks and two steals . Lamarcus Aldridge scored 26 points ( 11 - 19 FG ) and added eight rebounds and a block . The Spurs offense was crisp as usual , as the Spurs assisted on 27 of their 36 made field goals ( 75 percent ) and turned the ball over just 11 times . Eric Gordon scored 23 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 3 - 6 3PT ) to lead the Pelicans . Anthony Davis notched his third double - double in the past five games with 17 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 13 rebounds and added two blocks , two steals and an assist . The Pelicans shot just 8 - 24 ( 33 percent ) from three and had 10 of their 65 two - point shots ( 15 percent ) blocked as they could n't put up enough points to pull away from the Spurs . The Pelicans host the Jazz on Saturday . The Spurs return home Saturday to face the Kings .
The Utah Jazz ( 29 - 33 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 38 ) 106 - 94 on Saturday . Utah 's formidable frontcourt duo of Rudy Gobert and Derrick Favors had shown some vulnerability lately , as some opposing big men had been able to generate productive nights against them . Saturday , they faced a formidable challenge in the form of one Anthony Davis , who represented a considerable threat despite being hobbled by a sprained toe in recent days . The towering tandem answered the bell however , hauling in a whopping 29 rebounds between them . The Jazz 's dominance on the glass was team - wide , as they outrebounded New_Orleans on the night by a margin of 53 - 32 . Utah 's stalwart defense also largely stymied the Pelicans overall , with only Davis and Jrue Holiday able to amass double - digit scoring . Favors ' 28 - point , 11 - rebound double - double led the way for the visitors , and he added three assists , a steal and six rejections . Gordon Hayward was right behind him with 24 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Shelvin Mack and Rodney Hood followed with a pair of 11 - point efforts . The former complemented his scoring total with four assists , three rebounds and a steal , while the latter pitched in four rebounds , three assists and a steal as well . Trevor Booker led the reserves with 11 points , eight boards and two assists . Utah remains in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and is currently one - and - a - half games behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets . They 're headed back home to face the Rockets in a key matchup on Wednesday . Davis ' 29 points paced the Pelicans , and he was the only member of the starting five able to tally double - digit scoring . He also managed 11 rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Holiday pitched in his 22 points off the bench , and he also dished out seven assists and hauled in two boards . Eric Gordon , Norris Cole , Omer Asik and Dante Cunningham , the remaining members of the first unit , could only total 19 points , nine rebounds and 11 assists between them . The Pelicans are in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and a full seven games behind the eighth - seeded Rockets . They remain home to face the Sacramento Kings in a Monday night tussle .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 38 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 37 ) 115 - 112 , Monday night at Smoothie King Center . This was a hard - fought battle between two floundering western squads . Sacramento started out strong but New_Orleans battled back from a 17 - point deficit in the third quarter to eventually tie the game at 89 with 8:40 left in the fourth . New_Orleans then continued the comeback with a 15 - 4 run in the last four minutes , capped off with a three by Dante Cunningham and clutch foul - line jumper from Jrue Holiday . The 17 - point difference that the Pelicans overcame to snap their four - game losing streak was the largest comeback they have completed all season . New_Orleans has now won its last five contests against the Kings . Anthony Davis had his hands full doing battle against DeMarcus Cousins , but still found time to drop 31 points ( 13 - 21 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 9 FT ) , along with 10 rebounds and three steals , in 38 minutes on the floor . In the absence of Eric Gordon who is out with a broken finger , Jrue Holiday got the start at point guard . Holiday finished with an impressive 20 points and 10 assists , as well as four rebounds , four steals and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes , while Norris Cole chipped in 23 points , along with seven rebounds , six assists and three steals , in 40 minutes . In spite of the loss , DeMarcus Cousins put up a monstrous 40 points ( 16 - 29 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) and 16 rebounds , as well as four assists and four steals , in 41 minutes . Rudy Gay and Rajon Rondo each contributed their own double - double ; Rondo with 18 points and 10 assists and Gay with 18 points and 10 rebounds . The Kings shot a solid 49 percent from the field but it was not enough to compensate for their 24 turnovers , as the Pelicans sent them packing . Next , the Kings will host the Cavaliers on Wednesday . The Pelicans begin a five - game road trip in Charlotte on Wednesday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 43 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 26 ) 109 - 105 on Sunday . The Pelicans led 102 - 88 with two minutes left and barely held on for a much needed win . The key for New_Orleans was the rebounding , as they brought down 54 boards to the Clippers 35 . That marks the 10tth - straight game that the Clippers have been outrebounded , with nine of those being by at least 12 boards . The Pelicans shot 49 percent from the field , while holding Los_Angeles to just 40 percent in their victory . The Clippers continue to struggle and the return of Blake Griffin is becoming more envious every day . This marks their fourth loss in their last five games and their sixth loss in their last eight . Chris Paul had yet another superb outing though , as he tallied 24 points , 13 assists , six rebounds and four assists . J.J. Redick scored 24 of his own on 9 - for - 11 shooting . Up next for the Clippers is a rivalry match against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday , so the tough times look likely to continue . New_Orleans has had to play many games without Anthony Davis , but this may have been their best performance . They also played without Ryan Anderson and Tyreke Evans , so it was a true team effort . All five starters scored at least 14 points , with Jrue Holiday leading the team while also contributing eight assists . Omer Asik got the start and double - doubled , in a 15 - point , 14 - rebound effort . Toney Douglas flirted with a triple - double as well , as he accumulated 15 points , seven rebounds and nine assists . New_Orleans will look to build off this win on Tuesday against the Miami Heat .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 27 - 46 ) defeated visiting New_York Knicks ( 30 - 45 ) 99 - 91 , Monday evening at Smoothie King Center . This win marks the Pelicans first of the season when scoring less than 100 points . Prior to this contest the Pelicans were the only team without a win when scoring below 100 points , with a record of 0 - 33 in those games . This was a tight contest that was tied at 85 with 2:59 left but the Pelicans pulled away in the last few minutes to snap a three - game losing streak . Jrue Holiday left the game late in the fourth quarter after taking a hit to the face . The short - handed Pelicans had five players score in double digits , as guys stepped up to earn their 19th win at home . Jrue Holiday led the way with 22 points , six rebounds , six assists and four steals , in 34 minutes . Luke Babbitt was efficient in 24 minutes , with 14 points on 4 - 6 shooting from the field , including 2 - 3 from long range and 4 - 4 from the foul line . Toney Douglas chipped in 16 points , five rebounds and two assists , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans shot 8 - 19 from three - point range and 27 - 37 from the foul line . The Knicks struggled as they shot only 40 percent from the field . Carmelo Anthony shot 9 - 22 on his way to 22 points , along with six assists and five rebounds , in 36 minutes . Kristaps Porzingis had a solid outing as he added 16 points , 10 rebounds , three blocked shots , two steals and two assists , in 35 minutes , while Robin Lopez chipped in 17 points and five rebounds . New_York has now lost two in a row . Next , the Knicks will visit Dallas for a contest on Wednesday . The Pelicans have a date in San Antonio on Wednesday .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 28 - 47 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 32 - 44 ) 101 - 95 on Thursday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and couldn’t muster up enough for a win . The key for New_Orleans was their rebounding , as they brought down 51 boards to the Nuggets 40 . The Pelicans also shot well from long distance , as they went 13 - for - 29 in their win . The Nuggets have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Darrell Arthur was great off the bench in this loss though , as he scored 24 points and grabbed nine rebounds . Kenneth Faried recorded his 22nd double - double , as he tallied 10 points and 12 rebounds . On deck for the Nuggets is a matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Pelicans are extremely shorthanded right now , so this was a true team win . Toney Douglas was the leader , as he totaled 20 points and 10 assists in the victory . Luke Babbitt led the team with 22 points , while also grabbing 10 rebounds . Tim Frazier was a great spark off the bench , as he accumulated 17 points , five rebounds and eight assists . The Pelicans next game wo n't be until Sunday , when they face the Brooklyn Nets on the road .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 49 ) defeated the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 63 ) 110 - 102 , Friday night at Smoothie King Center . The Lakers road - losing streak was extended to 11 games , as Alexis Ajinca and the Pelicans spoiled Kobe Bryant 's last visit to New_Orleans . Ajinca recorded career - highs in rebounding and scoring as he led his team to their 21st home win . Ajinca finished with 28 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 15 rebounds , along with two assists , two blocked shots and one steal , in 37 minutes . Toney Douglas was solid as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 33 minutes , while Dante Cunningham added 19 points , three assists and one rebound , in 34 minutes . Tim Frazier dished 12 assists , one shy of his career - high , along with seven points , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans shot 53 percent from the field , 45 percent from long range and assisted on 29 - of - 42 field goals , en route to the win . Jordan Clarkson and D'Angelo Russell combined for 58 points , to provide the Lakers with a little bit of a bright spot in what has thus far been a very tough season . Clarkson finished with 26 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , while Russell added 32 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 FT , 11 - 13 FT ) . Kobe chipped in 14 points , four assists , three rebounds and one steal , in 22 minutes . The Lakers shot 42 percent from the field , while assisting on 18 - of - 34 field goals . Next , the Lakers will head to Houston to face the Rockets on Sunday . The Pelicans will be right back in action as they host the Suns on Saturday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 22 - 58 ) defeated the host New_Orleans ( 30 - 50 ) 121 - 100 , Saturday evening at Smoothie King Center . This was the fourth game in five nights for the Pelicans , who were coming off a win on Friday night behind a career night from Alexis Ajinca . The Suns are one team who has been suffering more than the Pelicans this season but managed to pull off a win in New_Orleans to avoid coming one step closer to 60 losses . The Suns have two games left in the season and must win one of them in order to avoid their first 60 - loss season . Archie Goodwin led the way for the Suns , with 24 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , three assists and three rebounds , in 25 minutes off the bench . However , Goodwin left the game late in the fourth quarter after rolling his ankle . Mirza Teletovic provided a second punch off the bench , with 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 3 , FT ) , along with five rebounds and four assists , in 29 minutes . Alex Len logged a double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds , in 25 minutes . The Suns shot 52 percent from the field , 40 percent from long range and did an excellent job rebounding against the depleted Pelicans . Alexis Ajinca was quiet in this one , after recording career - highs in points and rebounds on Friday . Toney Douglas was the high - point man for the Pelicans , as he finished with 23 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with five assists , two rebounds and one steal , in 30 minutes . Luke Babbitt had a solid game , with 17 points , nine rebounds and two assists , in 34 minutes off the bench , while Tim Frazier filled the stat sheet with 11 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and one steal , in 31 minutes off the bench . Next , the Pelicans will host the Bulls on Monday , in what will be their last home game of the season . The Suns head home to host the Kings on Monday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 41 - 40 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 51 ) 121 - 116 on Monday . With both of these teams playing for nothing , defense became an option rather than a necessity . Both teams shot over 50 percent , with the Bulls shooting 57 percent . Chicago turned it on in the second half , as they outscored the Pelicans by 14 points over the final 24 minutes . The list of players who sat out in this game looks like an All-Star roster , so it 's no surprise both of these teams missed out in the playoffs . The Bulls playoffs hopes ended just last week , but they showed some resiliency here with this win . Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 23 points and 11 assists . Nikola Mirotic also played well , as he totaled 20 points , four rebounds and three assists . The Bulls final game will be on Wednesday against the Philadelphia 76ers . The season has been over for New_Orleans for some time now , but these youngsters continue to develop and play good ball . James Ennis was fantastic , as scored a game - high 29 points and also provided five rebounds and four assists . Tim Frazier continued his great form off the bench , as he accumulated 20 points , 11 assists and six rebounds of his own . Toney Douglas also scored 21 in the loss . New_Orleans will finish out the season on Wednesday against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The Detroit Pistons ( 6 - 5 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 8 - 3 ) 104 - 99 on Tuesday . At this rate , anything less than a monster double - double will be a disappointment for Andre Drummond . The Pistons’ superstar center tallied his 11th straight performance with double - digit points and boards , meaning he’s achieved the feat in each of Detroit’s contests this season . He contributed a team - high 25 points and 18 rebounds Tuesday to spearhead an impressive victory , which featured Detroit rallying after entering the fourth quarter trailing 81 - 75 . The Cavs were led by LeBron James , who contributed a game - high 30 points . The remaining four starters accounted for virtually the rest of the Cleveland offense , as the bench could only pitch in 10 points overall . Kevin Love backed up James’ effort with a 19 - point , nine - rebound outing , while J.R. Smith and Mo Williams notably pitched in 15 points apiece . Cleveland fell to 8 - 3 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head home to face the Bucks on Thursday . Drummond wasn’t the only Piston lighting up the scoreboard Tuesday , as Reggie Jackson bounced back from a tough outing Sunday versus the Lakers by contributing a double - double of his own . The Detroit point guard poured in 23 points while handing out 12 assists , several to teammate Ersan Ilyasova , who posted a season high 20 points of his own . The streaky Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and the dependable Marcus Morris made it a perfect five - for - five in double - digit scoring for the Pistons starters , with 13 and 14 points , respectively . The Pistons improved to 6 - 5 and reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They now travel to Minnesota for a Friday date with the Timberwolves .
The Detroit Pistons ( 8 - 7 ) blew out the Miami Heat ( 9 - 5 ) 104 - 81 on Wednesday . This was a blowout from start to finish , as the Heat were trailing by 17 at the half and lost every single quarter . Miami came into this game as one of the best defenses and rebounding teams in the league and that simply did n't play out here . The Heat were out - rebounded 54 - 43 and allowed the Pistons first unit to destroy them . The Pistons also committed just seven turnovers in the win and that 's also a rarity against this Miami defense . The Heat had one of their worst games of the season on Wednesday and it 's clear they were ready for their Thanksgiving break . Dwyane Wade had one of his worst games in years , as he tallied two points , two rebounds and two assists on 1 - for - 9 shooting in the loss . Chris Bosh also failed to reach double - figures and the only bright spot in the loss was Hassan Whiteside . The center continues his fantastic season by collecting 15 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks in the loss . Those three blocks actually lowered his league - leading block total and he 's having quite the breakout season . Miami will look to bounce - back in their next game when they take on the New York Knicks on Friday . The Pistons played an all - around great game on Wednesday , but what was truly impressive was their long - distance shooting . The team shot 16 - for - 31 from three - point range and that really opened up this lopsided game . The team was led by another stellar outing from Andre Drummond , who tallied 18 points , 20 rebounds and five blocks in the win . Drummond 's rebounding average is now just shy of 18 and he 's vying for some MVP votes the way he is playing this season . Reggie Jackson also had a good game , as he amassed 18 points , seven assists and four rebounds in the victory . When Jackson and Drummond are clicking like this , the Pistons are tough to beat . Detroit will look to build off this victory when they take on the healthy Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday .
The Pistons ( 9 - 9 ) ran away with a 116 - 105 win over the Rockets ( 7 - 11 ) at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday . After scoring 17 in the first half , Pistons point guard Reggie Jackson went on to finish with a game - high 31 points ( 11 - 18 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) with eight assists and five rebounds . Detroit forced Houston into 40 percent shooting from the field to its 53 percent . James Harden struggled to find his shot , but managed to get to the line enough to post 29 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 15 - 17 FT ) along with nine rebounds and seven assists . Harden had been on a tear since the firing of coach Kevin McHale on Nov. 18 , but his scoring has cooled down since Sunday when he scored just 26 points . The Rockets rotation has looked a bit different under interim coach J.B. Bickerstaff , as Clint Capela and Patrick Beverley are now in the starting lineup . Capela 's production shot up , but he only managed 11 points and five rebounds against Detroit . Beverley finished with 10 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) . Despite Jackson 's 31 and a 24 - point , 13 - rebound performance from Andre Drummond , the player of the game award definitely goes to rookie Stanley Johnson . The forward out of Arizona came off the bench and scored 19 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) with 10 rebounds for his first career double - double . Johnson hit plenty of big 3 - point shots and even showed flashes of his defensive ability with a pair of blocks . point guard Spencer Dinwiddie missed his fourth straight game due to a knee injury . The Rockets return to Honda Center for a date with the Pelicans on Wednesday ; the Pistons play the second of a four - game homestand against the Suns .
The Detroit Pistons ( 10 - 9 ) won by a score of 127 - 122 versus the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 10 ) after an over - time thriller at the Palace on Wednesday night . It was a close game the whole way . A perfect 2 - 2 trip to the free throw line by Andre Drummond tied the game up with 14 seconds to go and ultimately sent it to over - time . Reggie Jackson came up big in O.T. , scoring eight points in the period , leading the way to victory for the Pistons . Reggie Jackson led the way with a monstrous double - double , consisting of 34 points and 16 assists . Marcus Morris logged a strong double - double with 24 points and 14 rebounds , he also added three assists and two steals . Andre Drummond finished with 22 points and pulled down 12 rebounds . Ersan Ilyasova chipped in 23 points and four assists . The Pistons had four players score more than 20 points , three players with double - doubles and shot over 50 percent from the field as a team . This was the second night of a back - to - back and third game of a six game road trip for Phoenix , who is coming off a loss in Brooklyn on Tuesday night . Six players scored in double digits for the Suns and they dished 28 assists as a team , both signs of a good team game , but it was not enough steal this one from Detroit . Eric Bledsoe filled the stat sheet with 21 points , nine assists , four rebounds and two steals . Brandon Knight finished with 22 points and four rebounds . Knight and Bledsoe however , shot a combined 16 - 41 from the field , scoring eight baskets each . Such a percentage will likely leave Phoenix winless any night . John Leuer continued his impressive play as of late , contributing 20 points on 8 - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds and five assists . Tyson Chandler sat this one out with a hamstring strain . Next up for the Suns will be a game in Washington on Friday , which will be their fourth game of a six game road trip . Detroit will host Milwaukee on Friday and look to establish dominance over their divisional competitor .
The Detroit Pistons ( 12 - 9 ) destroyed the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 17 ) 111 - 91 on Sunday . This game was a blowout from start to finish , as the scoreline was closer than the actual result . The Pistons had a 23 - point lead at the half and didn’t even play most of their starters in the fourth quarter . The big difference in the game was the rebounding , as Detroit grabbed 61 boards to the Lakers 40 rebounds . That should be no surprise though , as the Pistons rank third in the NBA in rebounding . The Lakers played very poorly in this game and the frustration boiled over . Not only did Kobe Bryant leave with a stomach ailment , Nick Young was ejected in the fourth quarter for a shove . Bryant was just 2 - for - 15 from the field before leaving and that just adds to his horrific shooting woes . Julius Randle did record another double - double and he 's proving to be one of the few bright spots on this Lakers team . Los_Angeles will try to get out of this swoon when they take on the Toronto Raptors on Monday . The Pistons came out hungry and they shut down this beleaguered Lakers team in a hurry . They scored 65 points in the first half and the starters were just fantastic . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope had a team - high 22 points while Reggie Jackson and Andre Drummond scored a combined 38 points . These three are the core of this Detroit team and when they play like this , they are hard to beat . The Pistons will look to build off this win when they play the Charlotte Hornets on Monday .
The Clippers ( 15 - 10 ) avoided a serious let down to defeat the Pistons ( 14 - 12 ) 105 - 103 in overtime at The Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday . The Clippers were outscored 31 - 21 in the fourth quarter , but a J.J. Redick 3 - pointer set up by Blake Griffin was enough to force extra basketball . The Pistons left Jamal Crawford wide open for the go - ahead trey with 12 seconds remaining in overtime and Los_Angeles managed to squeak out a victory for the second straight time on the road . Not only did Griffin score a team - high 34 points on 15 - of - 30 shooting from the field , but he also forced the double team that led to Crawford 's wide - open attempt to clinch the win . Detroit had absolutely no answer for the all - star power forward , who had n't posted more than 30 points since Nov. 25 against the Jazz when he poured in a season - high 40 on one of the better defensive teams in the league . But what was more surprising was another solid performance from Redick , who hit four 3 - pointers en route to 24 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Over his past five games , Redick is averaging 19 points , which is five higher than his season average . Detroit fought hard to get back into the game , but was unable to prevent Los_Angeles from forcing overtime . The Pistons did however get a huge game from Reggie Jackson , who scored a team - high 34 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting from the field while hitting 14 free throws . He also posted a season - high 11 rebounds and came just three assists away from his third career triple - double . The Pistons absolutely destroyed the Clippers on the glass , outrebounding them 54 - 39 , though the effort was futile .
The Boston Celtics ( 17 - 13 ) grabbed their third straight victory with a 99 - 93 win over the Detroit Pistons ( 17 - 14 ) , in Detroit on Saturday . After a strong third quarter , the Celtics headed into the fourth up by 15 but Detroit turned it up a notch and brought the game within two points , with 30 seconds left . A clutch jumper by Jonas Jerebko put the Celtics up by four and deflated the Detroit comeback . The dagger was Jerebko 's second shot of the game and his only made basket . Six players scored in double digits for Boston . They also had strong rebound and assist numbers from multiple players . Avery Bradley finished with 18 points , four rebounds , three steals and one assist , in 31 minutes . Isaiah Thomas dropped 17 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 0 - 4 3PT , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with nine assists , in 33 minutes . Evan Turner chipped in a healthy 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds and three assists , in 23 minutes off the bench . The Celtics struggled from downtown , shooting only 4 - 23 but they made up for it with good defense , holding their opponent to only 38 percent from the field . David Lee missed the game with a sore lower back , while Marcus Smart is also still out . Andre Drummond put up monstrous numbers but along with the rest of his team , shot a below average percentage from the field and could not come out on top , at home . Drummond finished with 22 points ( 9 - 21 FG , 4 - 10 FT ) , 22 rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots , in 35 minutes . Reggie Jackson added 17 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists , while he almost single - handedly stole the win for his team with a late fourth quarter push . Marcus Morris shot 7 - 14 from the field on his way to 16 points , along with five rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 37 minutes . The Pistons struggled shooting over all and only logged 16 assists as a team . Detroit will have a few days rest before playing in New York against Knicks on Tuesday . The Celtics ' next game will also be against Knicks as they host them on Sunday , in what will be the second night of a back to back for both teams .
The Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 16 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 10 - 26 ) 103 - 89 on Saturday . The game featured a showdown between two of the more offensive - minded centers in the NBA , Brook Lopez and Andre Drummond . The two big men did not disappoint , with each tallying or equaling the highest score on their respective teams . However , the frontcourt undercard was n't bad either , as Thaddeus Young and Ersan Ilyasova waged a fascinating battle of their own down low . When all was said and done , the Detroit tandem was able to claim victory , as the Pistons outscored the Nets 60 - 48 in the paint , and outrebounded the visitors 47 - 38 as well . Lopez managed 19 points , seven rebounds , an assist and three blocks to lead the Nets ' offensive charge . Joe Johnson followed with another double - digit scoring performance , pitching in 14 points , four rebounds and four assists . Young was just a rebound shy of a double - double with 12 points , nine boards and a steal . Shane Larkin was a bit lackluster again in another start at point guard , contributing eight points , three assists and a rebound . He was outperformed by backup Donald Sloan , who managed a double - double off the bench with 15 points , 10 rebounds and two rebounds over 24 minutes , and might be making progress towards securing the top job . Brooklyn fell to 10 - 26 and remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face the Spurs on Monday night . The Pistons were co - led in scoring by Drummond and Reggie Jackson , who each managed 23 points . The former added 11 rebounds , three steals and a pair of blocks , while the latter contributed eight assists and three rebounds . Ilyasova turned in one of his most impressive performances to date in a Detroit uniform , posting 19 points , hauling in 13 boards , and adding an assist , a steal and a block . Rookie Stanley Johnson posted a modest eight points , four rebounds , an assist , a pair of steals and a block in a start in Marcus Morris ' ( knee ) stead . Anthony Tolliver led the reserves with a 10 - point , three - rebound effort that also included a pair of assists , a steal and a block . Detroit improved to 21 - 16 but remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They now await the Spurs for a Tuesday night showdown at the Palace .
The Detroit Pistons ( 22 - 18 ) defeated the Golden_State Warriors ( 37 - 4 ) 113 - 95 on Saturday . All five Detroit starters scored in double figures , and the Pistons took over the game down low with Andre Drummond leading the charge . The Pistons outrebounded the Warriors 57 - 47 , and outscored them in the paint by an impressive margin of 50 - 36 . As customary , Golden_State 's stellar backcourt served as a primary source of offense . The Warriors received another valiant effort from Stephen Curry , who managed 38 points , seven rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals . His partner - in - crime Klay Thompson was excellent in his own right , with 24 points , six rebounds and an assist . No other starter could manage double - digit scoring , and the Warriors ' bench was paced by Festus Ezeli 's 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . The Pistons were led by a pair of productive outings from their own backcourt , as Reggie Jackson and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope each tallied 20 points . The former supplemented his points with eight assists , three rebounds and a steal , while the latter added five rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block . Marcus Morris stuffed the stat sheet with 16 points , eight rebounds , six assists and two blocks , while Drummond pitched in with a huge double - double that consisted of 14 points and 21 rebounds . Ersan Ilyasova rounded things out for the starters with 10 points , eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks . Aron Baynes paced the Detroit bench with 12 points , four rebounds and two blocks . The Pistons face off the Chicago Bulls at home on Monday , while the Warriors head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 25 - 21 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 40 ) 110 - 97 on Wednesday night . The Sixers have shown marked improvement over the last several weeks , as seven wins qualify as such when a team starts the season 0 - 18 . However , coming off an impressive victory over a depleted Suns team at home Tuesday , Philadelphia ran into much stiffer competition in the form of the Pistons ' top 10 defense . Detroit elicited 17 turnovers from the visitors , which led to 24 points . In contast , a night earlier , the Sixers had taken the ball 17 times themselves from the Suns , which they 'd converted to 28 points . Despite the loss , Philadelphia 's re - shuffled frontcourt was very productive , with Jerami Grant and Nerlens Noel turning in notable efforts . The pair tallied 21 and 20 points , respectively , helping make up for the absence of Jahlil Okafor ( illness ) . Grant added eight rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block to his team - high scoring total , while Noel also hauled in seven boards , four assists , a steal and a block . Ish Smith was the only other starter with double - digit scoring , totaling 13 points and dishing out six assists , hauling in three boards and posting a block . Robert Covington turned in a modest but productive outing with eight points and eight rebounds . Hollis Thompson paced the Sixers bench with 12 points , two rebounds and an assist . The Sixers remain firmly entrenched in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to await the Golden State Warriors for a Saturday afternoon tilt . Detroit received a pair of 20 - point - plus efforts from two of their most dependable stars , Andre Drummond and Reggie Jackson . The latter contributed a team - high 27 points , and added three assists , a pair of rebounds and a steal . Meanwhile , Drummond put together one of his trademark double - doubles , slamming home 25 points and grabbing 18 boards . He also added a pair of steals and a block . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope poured in 14 points and added four rebounds , a steal and a block . Marcus Morris was the fourth starter with double - digit scoring , totaling 10 points , seven rebounds and a trio of dimes . However , it was his backup , rookie Stanley Johnson , who outplayed him while also pacing the reserves with 18 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . The Pistons retain a hold on third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They remain home for a Friday night tussle with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 24 ) held on for a home win over the New_York Knicks ( 23 - 29 ) Thursday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills , 111 - 105 . The Pistons opened the game with a 12 - 2 run and led from the opening basket until the Knicks came back to tie the game at 95 - 95 with 2:45 to go in the game despite Detroit leading by over 20 points in the second quarter . The Knicks took a 97 - 95 lead with 2:14 to go , but an Anthony Tolliver three - pointer swung the lead back to the Pistons , who rattled off an 11 - 2 run to put away the game . The Pistons were led by their back court starters . Stanley Johnson led Detroit with 22 points ( 7 - 12 shooting , 7 - 8 FT ) and stuffed the box score with nine rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . Reggie Jackson scored 21 ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3PT ) and added five assists and a pair of steals . Andre Drummond recorded his fourth straight double - double with 17 points ( 7 - 12 FG ) and 13 rebounds . The Pistons shot a sharp 51 percent from the floor and 53 percent from three - point land . Robin Lopez exploded for a game - high 26 points on an efficient 11 - 14 shooting night , and his 16 rebounds were also a game high . Arron Afflalo dropped 24 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) , and Carmelo Anthony nearly had a triple - double as he scored 19 points , grabbed 11 rebounds and dished eight assists . The Knicks made it to the free throw line 34 times and sunk a respectable 27 ( 79 percent ) , but they shot just 6 - 22 from three and could n't overcome the bricks . The Knicks remain at home to host the Grizzlies Friday night . The Pistons continue their Eastern Conference road trip with a Saturday matchup in Indiana .
The Toronto Raptors ( 35 - 16 ) defeated the host Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 26 ) 103 - 89 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday . After a slow start the surging Toronto Raptors took the lead with five minutes left in the second quarter and did not look back , outscoring the Pistons 84 - 65 in the final three quarters . A buzzer - beating , full - court heave by Andre Drummond brought the Pistons within five points heading into the fourth , but Toronto responded with a quick five points in the first minute of the final quarter , stretching the lead to 10 and deflating Detroit 's momentum . The Raptors have now won 14 of their last 15 games and sit comfortably at second in the East . Meanwhile the Pistons have been slipping and do not have much room for error if they want to hang onto eighth in the East . Toronto now leads this season series 20 . Kyle Lowry led the way for the Raptors , finishing with 25 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , seven assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 38 minutes . Lowry 's back - court partner and fellow all - star , DeMar DeRozan had a complete game with 17 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds and six assists , in 33 minutes . Terrence Ross was huge off the bench as he hit four - of - six from deep , on his way to 18 points , along with four rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 29 minutes . The Raptors shot a blistering 55 percent from the field and 55 percent from long range , as they stretched their win streak to three games . Six players scored in double digits for Detroit but it was still not enough to out - gun the Raptors . Ersan Ilyasova was the high - point man , with 17 ( 7 - 12 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt,1 - 2 FT ) , along with six rebounds , in 28 minutes . Andre Drummond hit 4 - 10 from the field on his way to a solid 12 points and 13 rebounds , in 30 minutes . Marcus Morris had a good game and filled the stat sheet as he finished with 14 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , six assists , five rebounds , three steals and one block , in 37 minutes . The Pistons could not find the rhythm offensively and struggled to hit from deep as they only converted 8 - of - 28 three - point attempts . Detroit will host the Nuggets on Wednesday , in what will be a huge game for the Pistons in terms of maintaining their place in the top eight . The Raptors will move on to the fifth game of their current six - game road trip , as they visit Minnesota for a Wednesday night contest .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 22 - 33 ) defeated the host Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 29 ) 111 - 106 , on Sunday at Palace of Auburn Hills . This was a hard fought , back - and - forth game between two desperate teams . With the Pistons on the fringe of the top - eight in the East and the Pelicans looking to make a run in the second half of the season , both teams came out and laid it all on the line . The story in this game however was taken over by Anthony Davis who went off for a league season - high , career - high and franchise record 59 points . Davis also hauled in 20 rebounds , making him only the third player to score 50+ points and grab 20 rebounds , since the 1963/64 season . The other two players to achieve such a feat since then were Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Webber . Davis ' 59 points also set a record for most points scored by a player at Palace of Auburn Hills . Davis was not entirely alone as he turned in 59 points ( 24 - 34 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with 20 rebounds and four assists . Jrue Holiday put together a complete game , nearing a triple - double with 20 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , nine assists and seven rebounds , in 32 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score more than five points for the Pelicans was Ryan Anderson , who finished with six points ( 1 - 12 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , albeit on horrendous shooting . The Pelicans are now 6 games out of eighth in the West and have won two in a row . This was the fifth loss in a row for the Pistons , who have been struggling lately and remain out of a playoff spot . Reggie Jackson did his best to keep up with Anthony Davis , but only managed to pour in 34 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 8 - 8 FT ) of his own , along with four rebounds and four assists , in 31 minutes . Andre Drummond logged a double - double with 21 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 3 - 10 FT ) and 14 rebounds , along with two steals and three blocked shots , in 35 minutes . New addition Tobias Harris had another solid game for his new squad , as he finished with 16 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , five rebounds , two assists , two blocks and one steal , in 35 minutes off the bench . All together the Pistons only managed 18 assists and missed 12 free throws . Next , the Pistons will be in Cleveland to face the Cavs on Monday . The Pelicans will travel to D.C. to face the Wizards on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 29 - 29 ) ran circles around the league - worst Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 48 ) on Wednesday , winning 111 - 91 . The Sixers ' starting five combined for just 31 points while allowing 74 to Detroit 's starting unit . Rookie Jahlil Okafor was the only Philly starter to score in double - digits , and only one Sixer eclipsed 30 minutes played in the emphatic blowout . At .500 once again , the Pistons sit just one game out of the Eastern Conference playoffs , while the Sixers remain at the bottom of the NBA totem pole with just eight wins on the season . Newly-acquired forward Tobias Harris led the Pistons in scoring with 22 points , while all five Pistons starters reached double - digits . All-Star center Andre Drummond expanded his league - leading rebounding total by pulling down 18 boards , and forward Marcus Morris took on a playmaking role to dish out eight assists on the night . It was a true team victory for Detroit , as the team saw contributions across the board and managed to hold Philadelphia to below 40 percent from the field . Philly 's leading scorer was Hollis Thompson , who was one of the team 's sole bright spots in the brutal defeat . Thompson scored 19 points off the bench , going 3 - for - 4 from beyond the arc and logging a team - high 32 minutes . Rookie Jahlil Okafor also put up an efficient 13 points , but pulled down just two rebounds on the night . The Sixers could n't get it done on the glass , allowing the Pistons to edge them out 50 - 40 in rebounding . Philadelphia will host the Washington Wizards on Friday . The Pistons , meanwhile , will travel to Milwaukee for a divisional matchup on Saturday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 31 - 29 ) rolled past the Toronto Raptors ( 39 - 19 ) Sunday at the Palace of Auburn Hills , 114 - 101 . The Raptors led for much of the first half and the two teams went into the break tied at 52 . But the Pistons caught fire in the third quarter as they scored 37 points in the frame and entered the fourth quarter with an insurmountable 17 - point lead . The Pistons would extend their lead as far as 26 before stepping off the gas in the final period . All five Pistons starters finished in double - figures as Detroit presented a balanced attack . Reggie Jackson led the way with 19 points ( 7 - 12 FG ) and added eight assists , and Andre Drummond notched his 14th straight double - double with 15 points and 18 rebounds . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added an efficient 16 points ( 7 - 10 FG ) and Tobias Harris and Marcus Morris poured in 14 points apiece . The Pistons shot an absurdly efficient 58 percent from the floor and 52 percent ( 12 - 23 ) from three - point land as their offense was too much for the Raptors to handle . Terrence Ross scored 27 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 4 - 7 3PT ) off the bench for the Raptors to lead all scorers . DeMar Deroan added 20 ( 9 - 21 FG ) and seven assists , but no other Raptors player managed more than 13 points . But the issue here was defense ; Toronto shot a robust 49 percent from the floor , 10 - 21 ( 48 percent ) from three , and managed 21 assists against five turnovers . They just could n't do anything to stop Detroit 's offensive attack , and they could n't shoot the way out of the hole they dug in the third quarter . The Raptors return home for a Wednesday matchup against the Jazz . The Pistons begin a road trip Wednesday with a game in San Antonio .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 39 - 29 ) won a shootout over the Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 34 ) Wednesday night at the Palace of Auburn Hills , 118 - 114 . This one was explosive from the start , as each team scored at least 30 points in both the first and second quarters , with the Pistons taking a narrow 62 - 61 lead into halftime . The Pistons built their largest lead of the game in the third quarter at 82 - 71 , but an Al Horford three - pointer kickstarted a 13 - 2 Hawks run to tie the game . The game remained tight until the final minutes , but the Pistons could n't buy a bucket late in the fourth quarter , as they went without a field goal from 4:34 to 1:18 remaining in the game . Over that span , Atlanta turned a 103 - 103 tie into a 113 - 104 lead , a lead they would n't relinquish . Jeff Teague led the Hawks with 22 points and nine assists , as he did the majority of his scoring at the free throw line ( 12 - 13 FT ) . Al Horford posted one of three Hawks double - doubles with 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) and 11 rebounds ; he was joined by Kent Bazemore ( 15 points , 10 rebounds ) and Paul Millsap ( 13 points , 10 rebounds ) . The Hawks shot just 44 percent from the floor but nailed 12 three - pointers and made 28 of their 34 free - throw attempts ( 82 percent ) . Kentavius Caldwell-Pope scored a game - high 24 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 3 - 8 3PT , 7 - 9 FT ) . Andre Drummond scored 18 and grabbed 18 rebounds but missed nine free throws ( 8 - 17 , 47 percent ) . Tobias Harris ( 19 points , 11 rebounds ) and Reggie Jackson ( 17 points , 10 assists ) also recorded double - doubles . The Pistons had their offense working inside , as they shot 53 percent from inside and earned 39 trips to the free throw line , but because of their inability to connect from deep ( 8 - 32 3PT , 32 percent ) they could n't keep up with the Hawks attack . The Hawks host the Nuggets on Thursday . The Pistons return home for a Friday matchup against the Kings .
The Detroit Pistons ( 35 - 34 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 26 - 42 ) 115 - 108 , Friday evening at The Palace of Auburn Hills . Things have been rough for both these teams lately , but the Pistons are certainly in the better position as they are in the midst of a battle for eighth spot in the East , while the Kings are slipping into oblivion . With this win the Pistons improved to 20 - 12 at home , and despite coming into this one losers of three of their last four games , once again boast a winning record . Meanwhile , Sacramento has now lost seven of its last eight games and falls to 4 - 12 since the All-Star break . The Kings did battle back in this one though . After being down 13 at half - time , they cut it to a one - point deficit with 6:53 left in the fourth , before the Pistons created separation once again , thanks in large part to eight - straight points from Kentavious Caldwell-Pope . All five starters scored in double digits for Detroit , as Caldwell-Pope posted 23 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 37 minutes , while Marcus Morris lead the team in scoring with 24 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 6 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 39 minutes . Reggie Jackson was solid with 19 points , nine assists and seven rebounds , but gave up five turnovers , in 34 minutes . The Pistons gave up 17 turnovers but tallied more rebounds and assists than the Kings and shot a solid 48 percent from the field , in order to make up for it . The Kings had a chance in this one but could not come up clutch when they needed . They shot 50 percent from the field but only 4 - 15 from deep and were significantly out - rebounded . DeMarcus Cousins put in work with 31 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 9 - 11 FT ) , 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes . Rajon Rondo tallied 10 points along with 13 assists , eight rebounds and three steals , but also had five turnovers , in 37 minutes . Rudy Gay added 19 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds . The Kings have now lost two in a row . Next , the Kings will move on to New York to face the Knicks on Sunday , in what will be the second game of their current four - game road trip . The Pistons will have a chance to reclaim eighth spot as they host the Nets on Saturday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 37 - 34 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 41 ) 92 - 91 in a thriller on Monday . With two teams battling for their playoff lives , everything was left on the floor . What ultimately decided the game was a game - winning tip in at the buzzer by Andre Drummond . The shooting numbers would indicate a Milwaukee blowout , but that simply wasn’t the case . The Bucks shot 54 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while the Pistons shot 41 percent from the field and 27 percent from long distance . Detroit really buckled down in the fourth quarter though , as they held the Bucks to 17 points , while scoring 27 of their own . Milwaukee had some slim hopes for playoff chances , but this win very well may have ended those . The bench really let them down , as no player scored more than four points . Khris Middleton led the team with 27 points and hit some huge baskets late . Giannis Antetokonmpo continued his good form , as he tallied 21 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . Greg Monroe double - doubled in a revenge game , as he totaled 18 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for Milwaukee is a matchup with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday . Detroit was tied for the eight - seed headed into this game , so to say this was a much needed win would be a drastic understatement . Drummond was the hero , as he had the game - winning tip in , but also finished with 14 points and 16 rebounds . Marcus Morris led the team with 21 points and also provided three rebounds and four assists . Detroit will look to build on this win Wednesday against the Orlando Magic in their next matchup .
The Detroit Pistons ( 38 - 34 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 42 ) 118 - 102 on Wednesday . Detroit entered the night on the cusp of the eighth seed , just a mere percentage point behind the Chicago Bulls . However , their efforts to possibly vault into that slot by night 's end - - and keep their two - game winning streak alive in the process - - were going to have to be carried out without their emerging two - guard , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who was forced to miss the game with an illness . Detroit proved aptly capable of making up for his absence , as all five members of the first unit posted double - digit scoring . That included 2015 second - rounder Darrun Hillard , who managed 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and a steal in Caldwell-Pope 's stead . The Pistons also played outstanding team defense , holding the Magic to 40 - and - 32 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Orlando was led by a spectacular triple - double off the bench from Elfrid Payton , who managed 20 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists and a steal over 34 minutes . Aaron Gordon was next with a 15 - point total that paced the starters , and he also added 11 rebounds and three assists . Evan Fournier and Victor Oladipo were next with a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former also contributing a rebound , an assist and a steal , and the latter pitching in with five assists , three rebounds , three steals and a block . Jason Smith was also productive in a reserve role , registering 12 points , four assists and three rebounds . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are 9 games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head to Miami to take on the Heat on Friday night . Detroit was spearheaded by a remarkable outing from Andre Drummond , who totaled 30 points , 14 rebounds , an assist and a pair of blocks . Tobias Harris was next with a nice bounce - back effort after a lackluster performance in his last game , compiling 18 points , four rebounds , three assists and a pair of blocks . Reggie Jackson stepped up with 16 points , nine assists and two rebounds , with his six turnovers serving as a blemish on an otherwise solid night . Marcus Morris was close behind with 15 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Stanley Johnson and Arron Baynes paced the reserves with a pair of 13 - point contributions . The former complemented his scoring with eight rebounds , two assists and a steal , while the latter also supplied two rebounds and a block . The Pistons have moved into third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and have momentarily vaulted into the eighth seed in the conference with the victory.They 're home again versus the Charlotte Hornets on Friday night .
The Detroit Pistons ( 39 - 34 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 41 - 31 ) 112 - 105 on Friday . Both teams saw key starters make their return to the lineup for Friday 's contest . Marvin Williams , the Hornets ' sharpshooting big man , made it back after a one - game absence due to a knee injury , while the Pistons ' Kentavious Caldwell-Pope returned from his own one - game sabbatical that had been brought about by an illness . The Detroit two - guard came out on the better end of things Friday , as he tallied a team - high 21 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals . Meanwhile , Williams could only muster seven points , two rebounds and two assists over a modest 22 minutes of action . The Pistons also established a dominant presence down low , as they out - rebounded the visitors by the notable margin of 62 - 42 , and outscored them in the paint , 50 - 32 . Charlotte was led by Kemba Walker , who tallied 29 points , five assists and two rebounds . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter who managed double - digit scoring , totaling 10 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and a steal . Jeremy Lamb led the reserves as the only other Hornets player to score more than 10 points , amassing 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a trio of steals over 22 minutes off the bench . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and slotted in the sixth seed in the conference as well . They head to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks in a Saturday night tilt . Marcus Morris was right behind Caldwell-Pope 's scoring total for the Pistons , extending a recent stretch of impressive play with 20 points and seven rebounds . Andre Drummond followed closely behind with an 18 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included three blocks . Reggie Jackson was typically efficient , collecting 17 points , seven assists and six rebounds . Aron Baynes paced the reserves with 16 points and eight rebounds in only 19 minutes , his third double - digit scoring effort over the last four games . Anthony Tolliver was also productive off the bench , registering 11 points , eight rebounds and a block . The Pistons have now vaulted into a second - place tie with the Pacers in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are slotted in the eighth seed as well . They 're home again on Saturday night versus the Atlanta Hawks .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 38 - 38 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 40 - 36 ) 98 - 89 on Friday . The Mavericks made a couple of lineup changes prior to the contest , with one being a strategic move , and another due to injury . Zaza Pachulia returned to the starting lineup , in an attempt to slow down Andre Drummond down low . Pachulia tallied a modest six points , but did haul in 11 rebounds and hand out three assists . Meanwhile , J.J. Barea got the start in place of Raymond Felton , whose right groin strain prevented him from taking the court . It turned out to be a blessing in disguise for Dallas , which got the former 's second - highest scoring total of the season in return . His performance helped offset a remarkable night from the Pistons ' starting five , including a season - high scoring output from Marcus Morris . Barea totaled 29 points , which he complemented with three rebounds and three assists . Dirk Nowitzki was next , contributing 19 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal . Wesley Matthews pitched in with 17 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Devin Harris contributed 13 points , two rebounds and three assists while pacing the bench . The Mavericks are currently in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are slotted in the seventh seed as well . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Sunday . Detroit was spearheaded by Morris ' remarkable 31 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , which also included four assists , two blocks and a steal . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope poured in 15 points , and added two rebounds and an assist . Tobias Harris was right behind with 14 points , five rebounds and two blocks . Andre Drummond contributed one of his trademark double - doubles , registering 12 points , 17 boards , an assist and a steal . Reggie Jackson filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , 10 assists , five rebounds and two steals . The only blemish on an otherwise stellar performance was his game - high six turnovers . With the high level of efficiency from the starting five , the Pistons bench scored a scant six points on the night . The Pistons remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Chicago to take on the Bulls in a Saturday night showdown .
The Detroit Pistons ( 43 - 37 ) defeated the visiting Washington Wizards ( 38 - 41 ) 112 - 99 , Friday evening at Palace of Auburn Hills . Reggie Jackson put on a show with 39 points , while the Pistons put together strong first and fourth quarters to earn a win and their first playoff berth since the 2008 - 2009 season . On the other hand the Washington Wizards are now eliminated from playoff contention , while John Wall had to sat this one out with a sore knee . Jackson had a great game at home for the Pistons as he shot 14 - for - 20 on his way to a game - high 39 points . Jackson also added nine assists and four rebounds , in 34 minutes . Tobias Harris finished with 17 points , nine rebounds and one assist , in 36 minutes , while Marcus Morris chipped in 14 points and four rebounds , in 38 minutes . The Pistons hit 26 - 29 free throws , shot 47 percent from the field and 43 percent from downtown in the win . Markieff Morris won the battle against his brother in terms of personal stats , but his team - high 29 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) was not enough to get the Wizards over the hump in this one . Bradley Beal added 25 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists , but also had six turnovers , in 40 minutes . Ramon Sessions started in place of John Wall and finished with 13 points , six assists , one rebound and one steal , in 32 minutes . Next , the Wizards will host the Hornets on Sunday and will have to dig deep to find motivation , given their recent elimination from playoff contention . The Pistons host the Heat on Tuesday , in what will be their last , regular - season home game .
In the first of four games in their season series , the Toronto Raptors ( 30 ) remained undefeated against the Milwaukee Bucks ( 0 - 3 ) at home . The Raptors , rallying around a well - rounded performance from All-Star point guard Kyle Lowry in which he posted 15 points , 7 assists , and four steals , were able to maintain a steady lead on the visting Bucks throughout the game . Toronto thrived on the defensive end , forcing their opponents to turn the ball over 18 times and holding them to just 26 percent shooting from beyond the three - point line . The Raptors , despite being a bottom - 10 defense in 2014 - 15 , have allowed an average of just 96 points to opponents in their first three games . Against the Bucks , the Raptors were able to effectively limit outside shooting , making it difficult for Milwaukee , a team that sometimes struggles with spacing , to pile up points . Despite the loss , the Bucks were able to take away strong performances from some young up - and - coming players . Third-year forward Giannis Antetenkoumpo posted his second 20 - point performance in as many games , while also recording 9 rebounds and a block . Offseason addition Greg Monroe also impressed , putting up 14 points , six rebounds , five assists , and missing only two shots . However , as a team , Milwaukee struggled mightily from beyond the arc and had overall issues with efficiency , shooting just 42 percent from the field . While the Raptors will look to keep their good fortunes going on Tuesday in Dallas , Milwaukee will be in need of better luck . The Bucks will hope to snap a three - game losing streak as they travel to Brooklyn on Monday to face the Nets .
The New_York Knicks ( 4 - 4 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 5 - 3 ) 111 - 109 on Tuesday . The Knicks held off the Raptors in a nail - biter on Tuesday thanks to some great bench performances . The Raptors shot 39 free - throws in the game compared to the Knicks 18 , but New_York still prevailed with some late heroics . It was a relatively clean game , as there were only 20 combined turnovers . The Knicks got 17 points from Lance Thomas and 15 points from Langston Galloway off the bench en route to a big victory . The team was led by superstar Carmelo Anthony , who tallied 25 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals in the win . They also got a nice performance from Robin Lopez , who neared a double - double with four blocks . They 'll look to keep this momentum up against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back set . Toronto started off the season 50 , but have proceeded to lose three - straight since . The team was led by its guards on Tuesday , as Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan put in great performances once again . Lowry tallied 23 points , nine assists and seven rebounds , while DeRozan totaled 29 points and five rebounds in the loss . They also got a nice performance off the bench from Cory Joseph , who amassed 12 points , eight assists and six rebounds in the defeat . The Raptors will look to break this losing streak in a favorable matchup on Wednesday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 3 ) took care of business on Friday night as they defeated the struggling New_Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 8 ) by a score of 100 - 81 . New_Orleans had a quick start and jumped ahead in the first quarter but the Raptors out scored them 83 - 60 the rest of the way . The Pelicans were missing their star Anthony Davis for the second game in a row and simply could not stay consistent leading to another blowout loss . Eric Gordon did his best to step up , scoring 30 points on 11 - 22 shooting . Jrue Holiday contributed 19 points , three assists and two steals and was looking good , shooting 8 - 14 from the field . Alexis Ajinca played well off the bench , with 10 points and nine rebounds . Rookie Ish Smith put up some decent numbers across the board with six points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . No one else scored more than five points for the Pelicans , who are in need of some major help . The Toronto Raptors turned it up after an ugly first quarter and took control of the game resulting in a 19 point win . Young big - man Jonas Valanciunas led the Raptors in scoring with 20 points on top of 10 rebounds and two blocks in only 27 minutes . DeMar DeRozan tallied a double - double as well , with 15 points and 11 assists , along with six rebounds . Kyle Lowry played a very well rounded game , finishing with 20 points , six rebounds , five assists , four steals and one block . Lowry shot 4 - 8 from deep . DeMarre Carroll did not shoot well at 5 - 14 from the field , but still managed to contribute in many ways with 11 points , five rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Next up for the Raptors is a trip to see former teammate Rudy Gay in Sacramento on Sunday . Sacramento has been somewhat dysfunctional as of late but that is no reason to expect an easy win . As for the Pelicans , they will be visiting New York to play the Knicks on Monday . If Anthony Davis is back , it will be a great match up to watch as he would take on fiery rookie Kristaps Porzingis .
The Raptors were able to hold off the Cavaliers 104 - 99 on Wednesday night . In a tightly contested game that was tied after the first two quarters , Toronto found themselves with a two point lead heading into the fourth . They took the lead and ran with it before Cleveland was able to regroup and make it close at the end . Coming into the night , Cleveland was on a roll , while Toronto had been struggling . The Cavaliers had won their last three games and started their season with an impressive 11 - 3 record . Toronto however , had lost three of their last five and six of their last ten . Their records did not matter when they took the court though , and the Raptors welcomed the challenge of defending their home court against the defending Eastern Conference Champions . To no surprise , Cleveland was led by LeBron James ' team high 24 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3PT , 11 - 12 FT ) . He also chipped in six boards and eight dimes in 40 minutes of action . Kevin Love continued his impressive play to start the year by providing a double - double with 21 points and 13 rebounds . He also notably went 5 - 8 from down town . J.R. Smith and Mo Williams also chipped in with double figures , each notching 15 points . Williams did his damage off the bench , as the Cavs were working his way back into form after missing the previous three games with an ankle injury . Cleveland will look to bounce back Friday in Charlotte . Kyle Lowry continued his sizzling start to the year by putting up a game high 27 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 2 - 6 3PT , 3 - 5 FT ) . All five starters scored in double digits for the Raptors , including DeMar DeRozean who scored 20 points on 7 - 16 shooting from the field . After Jonas Valanciunas broke his left hand on Nov. 20 against the Lakers , Bismack Biyombo was asked to replace him . He did not disappoint Wednesday , nearly double - doubling with nine points and 12 boards in 33 minutes . Toronto will look to carry their momentum into a matchup in Washington Saturday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 7 - 13 ) edged the Toronto Raptors ( 12 - 8 ) 106 - 105 on Thursday . The Nuggets were able to prevent their first nine - game losing streak since the 2002 - 3 campaign by shocking Toronto on the Raptors ' home court . They accomplished the improbable feat with an outstanding all - around team effort , led by balanced scoring from four of their five starters , as well as from their sixth - man extraordinare , Will Barton . Denver , not exactly known for their frontcourt prowess , was outscored in the paint by the wide margin of 52 to 32 . However , they somewhat surprisingly outrebounded Toronto 42 to 39 , and also dished out a superb 30 assists , as compared to 21 tallied by the Raptors . Overall , the Nuggets were much more reminscent of the team that got off to a suprising 5 - 4 start , rather than the unit that stumbled their way through eight consecutive losses before Thursday . The visitors were led by Danilo Gallinari 's 21 points , which were supplemented by five rebounds and three assists . Darrell Arthur turned in a solid effort in a spot start for Kenneth Faried , managing 19 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Joffrey Lauvergne made a strong return to the starting lineup with a season - high 14 points and posted his first double - double of the season by adding 10 boards . Randy Foye pitched in 12 points and Barton paced Denver 's reserves with a typical starting - caliber performance , pouring in 22 points and adding four rebounds and four assists . Denver improved to 7 - 13 and currently resides in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday . The Raptors received a season - high 34 - point effort from DeMar DeRozan , who capitalized on a Nuggets ' defense ranked in the bottom half of the league versus shooting guards . However , Kyle Lowry , who had an even better matchup versus rookie Emmanuel Mudiay , somewhat underwhelmed scoring - wise with 16 points on subpar 4 - of - 16 shooting . He did manage round out the stat sheet nicely with eight assists , six rebounds , four steals and a pair of blocks . DeMarre Carroll was the third and final Toronto starter with double - digit points ( 10 ) , while Cory Joseph continued his recent stretch of strong play by pacing the Raptors ' reserves with 15 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals over 28 minutes . Toronto fell to 12 - 8 but remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They remain home to face for a tough matchup versus the Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 210 ) remained perfect on Saturday afternoon , edging the Toronto Raptors ( 12 - 9 ) 112 - 109 . In a tussle for the ages , the Warriors survived yet another threat to their record undefeated streak . Within what was a memorable , back - and - forth affair , Kyle Lowry and Stephen Curry waged a one - on - one battle that saw the Raptors point guard match the reigning MVP basket - for - basket until the closing seconds , and outperform him in other areas of the stat sheet . Lowry managed a career - high 41 points , and added seven assists , three rebounds , four steals and a block . The ten - year veteran had a terrific fourth quarter overall , scoring 14 of his points during a nip - and - tuck final period , but missed a crucial free throw with 44 seconds left that would have knotted the game at 106 . Toronto was unable to catch Golden_State from that point forward , as the Warriors converted on six consecutive attempts from the charity stripe to seal their 21st victory . Curry led all scorers with 44 points , seven assists and two rebounds , equaling a season - best with nine three - pointers and posting his second straight 40 - point performance . He also drained six consecutive free throws in the final minute , including two with five seconds remaining that extended the Warriors ' razor - thin lead to 112 - 109 . Meanwhile , backcourt mate Klay Thompson , who sank two crucial free throws himself with seven seconds left , provided Curry with the support that DeRozan failed to offer to Lowry . Thompson managed a season - high 26 points , his third consecutive game with 20 points or better . Draymond Green was the other starting five member to get into double digits , pouring in 16 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Festus Ezeli , starting for Andrew Bogut , was only able to pitch in eight points , but did haul in 10 boards . Golden_State improved to 210 and naturally remains in first place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division , along with sporting the best record in the NBA . They now head to Brooklyn for a Sunday showdown with the Nets . With just a tad more support for Lowry , the Raptors could have conceivably put an end to the Warriors ' perfect record . DeMar DeRozan had a frustrating day from the field , sinking only five of 19 attempts . He totaled 16 points , five assists and three rebounds . Luis Scola was the only other member of the Toronto starting five who managed double - digit scoring ( 10 points ) , and he needed two free throws in the closing minute to get there . He added four rebounds and a pair of assists . DeMarre Carroll managed to pitch in nine points , six rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals , while Bismack Biyombo was held scoreless for the second time in the last five games , and could only add five rebounds over 14 minutes . Biyombo ran into foul trouble early on , allowing Lucas Nogeira to come off the bench and contribute 14 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal over 25 minutes . Toronto fell to 12 - 9 and momentarily are in a first - place tie with Celtics in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , with the outcome of Boston 's contest versus San Antonio later on Saturday potentially affecting their position . They remain home to face the Lakers on Monday .
The Raptors ( 13 - 9 ) escaped the Lakers ( 3 - 18 ) with a 102 - 93 victory at Air Canada Centre on Monday . Los_Angeles trailed by just a point after the third quarter , but Toronto was able to pull away with five minutes remaining in the game to end a two - game losing streak . The Raptors got plenty of contributions in the fourth quarter , but the guy who carried them all game was Terrence Ross , who scored a season - high 22 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) over 39 minutes while also grabbing six rebounds . Kobe Bryant had a decent night shooting the ball as he continues his farewell tour , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting with eight boards and four assists . Larry Nance Jr. replaced Julius Randle in the starting lineup , but failed to outperform him . Randle scored 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) with 11 rebounds for his fifth double - double in six games . The other youngster moved to the bench was rookie D'Angelo Russell , who was replaced by Louis Williams alongside Jordan Clarkson in the backcourt . Russell played 21 minutes off the bench , scoring nine points on 4 - of - 12 shooting from the field . Nick Young was held out of the lineup again by coach Byron Scott . After suffering two close losses to the Nuggets and Warriors - - each at home - - the Raptors got back on track , albeit barely , against the Lakers . With center Jonas Valanciunas sidelined with a fractured hand , Bismack Biyombo has seen a bump in playing time , and finally made it count Monday . Biyombo finished with a season - high 15 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 7 - 11 FT ) with 13 rebounds and two blocks over 29 minutes . Kyle Lowry was his usual self , scoring a game - high 27 points 9 - 19 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) with seven rebounds and six assists . The Raptors will have their hands full Wednesday when the Spurs come to town ; the Lakers play the sixth game of an eight - game road trip against the T-Wolves .
The Toronto Raptors ( 15 - 9 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 9 - 15 ) 90 - 83 on Friday . Milwaukee continues to struggle mightily with respect to scoring points , and came into Friday night 's contest behind only the Sixers as the most impotent offense in the league . The Bucks were averaging 96 points per game before Friday 's 83 - point effort , which marked the eighth time in the last nine games that they failed to reach the century mark on the scoreboard . Outside of Khris Middleton 's team - high 26 points , the other four starters managed solid but unspectacular totals , and Milwaukee received a paltry 10 points from their bench over the 61 total minutes tallied by the reserves . Middleton 's scoring haul represented a season - high for the shooting guard , whose previous best was the 21 points he 'd posted on four different occasions . Prized offseason acquisition Greg Monroe mustered 13 points , seven rebounds , a pair of assists and three steals , a performance that would be considered underwhelming for a player who 's demonsrated he 's capable of much better production . Giannis Antetokounmpo filled out the stat sheet with 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block , while Jabari Parker managed 10 points , six rebounds and an assist . Veteran guard O.J. Mayo was the only starter in single digits , pitching in with nine points and adding four assists , three rebounds and three steals . The Bucks dropped to 9 - 15 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head home to face the reigning NBA champion Golden State Warriors on Saturday night . Toronto was led by DeMar DeRozan , who posted a game - high 27 points , following a 28 - point outburst in a big victory over the Spurs on Wednesday . They did n't get much else from their starters , as Kyle Lowry and Luis Scola were next behind DeRozan with a pair of 12 - point efforts . The total represented a season - low figure for Lowry , who struggled considerably with his shot and drained only five of 16 attempts . Cory Joseph continued his trend of strong showings off the bench , pacing the Raptors reserves with 13 points , three rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block . Toronto improved to 15 - 9 and remains in first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They will face the one - win Philadelphia 76ers in Toronto on Sunday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 16 - 9 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 24 ) 96 - 76 on Sunday . This game was much closer than the final score would indicate , as the Raptors had just a six - point lead with about eight minutes left . They pulled away late and made it look like the dominating victory that most anticipated . What had plagued this Philly team all year were turnovers and shooting , which was the key on Sunday . The Sixers shot just 33 percent and committed 22 turnovers to the Raptors eight . Philadelphia came into this game as huge underdogs and they played much better than the final score would indicate . The 20 - point loss was due to some poor late execution and ugly turnovers down the stretch . The shooting was just atrocious as they shot 24 - for - 84 from the field . They did grab an impressive 52 rebounds in the loss though . Jahlil Okafor carried the team with 23 points and 14 rebounds and continues to be a candidate for Rookie of the Year . The Sixers will look to grab that second elusive win when they take on the Chicago Bulls on Monday as huge underdogs . The Raptors stifled this Sixers team , by holding them to just 52 points in the final three quarters . This was a great team effort , as three starters scored at least 16 points . DeMar DeRozan led the team with 25 points and eight rebounds , while Luis Scola provided a surprising 22 points and five boards . This was a game that the Raptors were expected to win by double - digits and while they didn’t play their best , they still accomplished that goal . They 'll take their third ranked defense into Indiana on Monday to take on the Pacers in their next game .
The Sacramento Kings ( 11 - 16 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 17 - 12 ) 104 - 94 on Sunday . Sacramento darted out to a strong start and led Toronto by more than 20 points in the first quarter , but the lead never stretched to blow out pace , as the Raptors were able to keep the game close through the second half . After picking up a second technical foul for arguing with the ref , point guard Kyle Lowry was ejected from the game in the 3rd quarter . Lowry had scored 13 points and dished out four assists before his early departure . DeMar DeRozan handled most of the workload and was instrumental in keeping the Raptors in the game , as he finished with 28 points , seven rebounds and an assist on 10 - of - 24 shooting . James Johnson chipped in 14 points and six rebounds , while starting center Bismack Biyombo crashed the offensive and defensive glass to the tune of 13 boards . The Raptors slow start resulted in a poor shooting performance , as the team finished 37 percent from the floor and 28 percent from deep . The Kings were unable to keep the momentum after the explosive start , but did close out the game on a 12 - 4 run during the last five minutes . As a unit , the Kings shot 53 percent from the floor and six of the eight total players finished in double figures . Rajon Rondo scored 19 points , to go along with 13 assists , while Rudy Gay matched the point guards work in the scoring department and added nine rebounds . Rondo came into the game leading the league with 11 assists per game . DeMarcus Cousins continues to round out the stat sheet and contributed an all around dominant performance , with 15 points , nine rebounds , five assists , two steals and four blocks . Forward Omri Casspi utilized the long ball to extend the Kings lead on multiple occurrences , completing 3 - of - 4 from deep , alongside an efficient 6 - of - 8 from the floor , totalling 15 points in the win . The Kings will look to work their way back into the Western Conference playoff picture when they visit the Washington Wizards ( 11 - 14 ) on Monday , while the Raptors host the Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 12 ) on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 18 - 12 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 13 ) 103 - 99 on Tuesday night . The Raptors had a big lead early in the fourth quarter and nearly blew it against the Dallas backups . They were able to hold them off , but it was an ugly sight for Toronto fans as they nearly let a 16 - point fourth quarter lead slip away . A win is a win though and the defense was key . The Raptors outrebounded the Mavericks 53 - 34 and held them to just 35 percent shooting through the first three and a half quarters . The starters dominated this game all - around , as only one bench player scored in double - figures for both teams . The Mavericks were bad for most of the game tonight and played well for only 18 minutes . They shot 11 - for - 17 in a 31 - point third quarter , but shot under 42 percent aside from that . The bench players came in for the last six minutes and nearly brought them back from a double - digit deficit , but couldn’t quite make up for the starters poor play . While The Mavericks did win the turnover battle 17 - 6 , they were killed on the boards . Dirk Nowitzki played just 28 minutes , but tallied 20 points and seven rebounds . Deron Williams left this game in the third with a hamstring injury and that really hurt the team down the stretch . The starters got a nice rest in the final quarter and that should be beneficial for Wednesday 's game against the Brooklyn Nets . All the talk in Toronto has been about their bad starts , but that wasn’t the problem on Tuesday . They actually ended the first quarter up 32 - 16 and had trouble closing this one out . That 's usually the opposite , as they have one of the best second half differentials in the NBA this season . All the starters played well , as four of them scored at least 15 points with Bismack Biyombo scoring just nine . Biyombo was the star of the night though , as he snatched a career - high 20 rebounds en route to his fifth - straight 13 - plus rebound game . DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 28 points in the victory . Toronto will have a few days off until they play the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 21 - 13 ) outscored their opponents 30 - 12 in the fourth , defeating the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 15 ) 104 - 94 . The division - leading Raptors continue to rise in the standings following the win over the Hornets . Per usual , the victory was led by the All-Star backcourt of Kyle Lowry ( 18 points , 11 assists , five rebounds ) and DeMar DeRozan ( 23 points ) . The pair contributed heavily to Toronto 's impressive 17 - for - 18 free - throw shooting night , combining to knock down 11 - of - 11 at the line . The Raps also saw a big double - double from recently - returned center Jonas Valancianus , who tallied 10 points and 13 rebounds on the night . Despite a surprisingly hot start to the season , the Hornets have come back down to Earth and are now just 7 - 8 in the month of December . The weak stretch was made even tougher to swallow by the loss of center Al Jefferson ( knee ) , who will be out for approximately six weeks with a torn meniscus . Even in the face of a loss , point guard Kemba Walker had a typically strong showing , pouring in 18 points and also recording four steals on the night . Toronto 's homestand will continue on Sunday as they take on the Bulls in an afternoon contest . Charlotte , meanwhile , will be forced to take on the powerhouse Thunder in the second half of a back - to - back on Saturday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 20 - 12 ) fought to the end for a 115 - 113 victory over the host Toronto Raptors ( 21 - 14 ) , on Sunday afternoon . This was the second match up in a week between the Bulls and Raptors . Chicago won the last game as well and have now won their last seven versus the Raptors . With this win the Bulls have also extended their current win streak to four . Toronto was up 103 - 91 with six minutes left in the game , it was from then on that the Bulls went on a 24 - 10 run to steal the road win . Jimmy Butler hit a huge three with the defense right in his face , which put the Bulls up by one with 30 seconds left . The Raptors were not able to hit a counter - punch , missing three straight shots , while Chicago faired well enough from the foul line in the last seconds to stay on top . Jimmy Butler led the Bulls with a monstrous 42 points on very solid 15 - 23 shooting from the field ( 2 - 3 3Pt , 10 - 11 FT ) . Butler also logged five assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block , in 38 minutes . Pau Gasol had a very strong performance , finishing with 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) , 13 rebounds , six assists and four blocked shots , in 33 minutes . Nikola Mirotic chipped in 17 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , three rebounds and one assist , in 28 minutes . The Bulls as a team shot very well , going 51 percent from the field , 88 percent from the foul - line and 42 percent from distance . Derrick Rose sat this one out with a sore hamstring , while Joakim Noah remained out with a shoulder injury . Toronto was led by guard - combo Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan , who combined for 46 points on the game . Lowry finished with a full stat - line , including 22 points , 10 assists , five rebounds , one steal and one blocked shot , in 39 minutes . DeRozan led the Raptors in scoring with 24 points on 7 - 17 shooting from the field ( 3 - 6 3PT , 7 - 8 FT ) , in 35 minutes . Luis Scola was the third prong of the Raptors attack , as he finished with 22 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 2 3PT , 2 - 3 FT ) , along with five rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block , in 27 minutes . The Raptors will be right back in action on Monday as they begin a five - game road trip in Cleveland . This will be an important stretch for Toronto if they want to establish themselves at the top of the East . Meanwhile , the Bulls will be back in action on Tuesday , when they host Milwaukee .
The Toronto Raptors ( 27 - 15 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 22 - 21 ) 115 - 109 in a game full of momentum swings Wednesday night . In a battle between two stout defenses , guarding your opponent became an optional aspect of this game . Not only did both teams shoot over 50 percent from the field , both squads nearly reached the century mark to start the fourth quarter . The two teams defensive natures took over after that though , as they combined for just 38 points in the final 12 minutes . It was truly a game of swings and that 's evident by the box score . The Raptors won the first quarter 35 - 27 and the third quarter 40 - 28 . The only reason the Celtics hung around is because they won the second quarter 35 - 21 . Those are just bizarre scores from quarter - to - quarter and both coaches must 've needed heavy doses of Ibuprofen after a game like this . The starting units are what made the difference for the Raptors , as they outscored the Celtics starting - five 90 - 62 . This result is indicative of where this Celtics team is right now , as they are on the border of being a contender , but haven’t quite hurdled over that hump yet . Isaiah Thomas has been the teams best player this season and while he had the best night of any Boston player on Wednesday , he made two crucial turnovers late that ultimately helped the Raptors get their win . With that said , those were his only two turnovers on the night while recording a 21 - point 10 - assist double - double . The second - unit was spectacular for Boston tonight and single - handedly kept them in the game , as Kelly Olynyk , Marcus Smart and Evan Tuner all had at least six points , four rebounds and four assists in the defeat with Olynyk leading the group by dropping 18 points . This was still a good showing from this Boston team and they continue to battle elite teams in difficult environments . Up next for the Celtics is another tough task against the Chicago Bulls on Friday . Toronto has quietly been taking care of business over recent weeks and they now sit in the two - seed in the East at the midpoint of the year . Much of that has to be credited to DeMar DeRozan , who had yet another great game here . DeRozan finished with 34 points and six assists while hitting some daggers in the final minutes to cap off the win . Jonas Valanciunas also had an impressive outing , as he went 9 - for - 9 from the field to accumulate 19 points and 12 rebounds in the win . Luis Scola also put in an 18 - point , five - rebound line and he 's been a darkhorse hero for this team all season . Toronto will look to keep the momentum going on Friday in their next game against the reeling Miami Heat .
The Toronto Raptors ( 28 - 15 ) held onto second place in the turbulent Eastern Conference with a 101 - 81 home win over the Miami Heat ( 23 - 21 ) on Friday . Raptors point guard Kyle Lowry earned starting All-Star honors this week , joining his opponent , Miami guard Dwyane Wade , in the Eastern Conference backcourt . Lowry filled the stat sheet on Friday , delivering 15 points , four rebounds , six assists , a pair of steals , and a block . It was his fellow guard DeMar DeRozan , however , that made the biggest splash , lighting up the Heat defense for 33 points . The Raptors were red - hot from behind the three - point arc , shooting 52 percent on attempts from deep . Miami , meanwhile , hit just 4 of 17 attempts from beyond the arc . Wade recorded 22 points while fellow star Chris Bosh posted 26 , but no other Miami player reached double - digits . The Heat bench contributed just 12 points , and outside of Wade and Bosh , the team shot a paltry 33 percent from the field . Center Hassan Whiteside , who has taken to social media to make a fierce All-Star campaign , was absent from Friday 's contest due to a strained left hip . Miami will have two days of rest before traveling to Chicago on Monday . Meanwhile , Toronto plays host to the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday afternoon .
The Toronto Raptors ( 30 - 15 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 20 - 23 ) 106 - 89 on Tuesday for their ninth consecutive victory . The Raptors used the same recipe they always do , as they relied on their backcourt and defense to carry them . Outside of a 32 - point second quarter , the Wizards could only amass 57 points in the other three quarters and never scored more than 20 in any individual one . The second half was especially tough , as Washington scored only 39 point while shooting just 32 percent from the field . The rebounding was huge for Toronto as well , as they snatched down 48 rebounds to the Wizards 35 . Washington has now had two dud performances in a row , which is quite concerning considering they appeared to be turning things around just last week . They had to play this game without Bradley Beal again , as he recovers from a facial injury and potential concussion . John Wall did all he could here , as he scored 18 points and dished out 14 assists in a great game . Otto Porter also had a good game , as he tallied 15 points , eight rebounds and four steals in an effort - filled outing . Up next for the Wizards is the Denver Nuggets on Thursday at Verizon Center . Kyle Lowry led the Raptors with 29 points , four rebounds and four assists , but left the game late in the fourth quarter , while throbbing in pain with what appeared to be a wrist injury . DeMar DeRozan totaled 17 points , four rebounds and four assists . Toronto will look to get its winning streak to double - digits on Thursday when it plays host to the New York Knicks in what 's usually a competitive matchup .
The Toronto Raptors ( 31 - 15 ) picked up a win over their division rival New_York Knicks ( 22 - 26 ) Thursday night at Air Canada Centre , 103 - 93 . The Raptors led for the entirety of the final three quarters as the Knicks were playing shorthanded without Kristaps Porzingis ( illness ) and Carmelo Anthony ( knee ) in uniform . The lack of depth showed , as every member of the Knicks bench was forced to play at least nine minutes , with Derrick Williams , Sasha Vujacic and Jerami Grant all forced on the court for at least 24 minutes . Raptors guards DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry took advantage of the Knicks ' thin lineup , as they tied for the game high with 26 points apiece . Lowry was the real engine for the Raptors offense , as he also dished out 10 assists and grabbed six rebounds ( three offensive ) . Jonas Valancunius scored 11 points on a poor shooting night ( 4 - 16 ) but was a beast on the glass , as he grabbed 18 rebounds ( eight offensive ) . Arron Afflalo led the Knicks with 20 points on 7 - 17 shooting , as he sunk all three three - pointers he attempted . Langston Galloway was the only other starter to go over double - digits . Reserves Grant and Vujacic scored 13 points apiece , and Grant filled up the box score with six assists , four rebounds , and two steals . Despite being undermanned , the Knicks would have had a chance had they hit their free throws - - they finished 10 - 20 at the free throw line in a 10 - point loss . The Knicks will return home for a matchup Friday against the Suns . The Raptors continue their homestand Saturday against Detroit .
The Toronto Raptors ( 32 - 15 ) defeated the visiting Detroit Pistons ( 25 - 23 ) 111 - 107 , on Saturday at Air Canada Center . This was the first match up of the season between these two teams . The streaking Raptors led the entire game and were up by 20 points with only six minutes left in the fourth quarter but the Pistons battled back to bring it to a four - point difference with five seconds left . However , a couple of clutch free throws by DeMar DeRozan allowed the Raptors to enjoy a franchise - best 11th straight win . This was the last of a seven - game home stand for the Raptors . They are now 18 - 6 at home this season . Detroit had the unfortunate task of playing this game on the second night of a back to back , after a tough loss in Cleveland Friday night . Detroit has now lost two in a row . DeMar DeRozan continued his high level of play as he finished with a game - high 29 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with four assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 33 minutes . Kyle Lowry struggled shooting but added 18 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 9 - 12 FT ) , eight rebounds and three steals , in 39 minutes . Bismack Biyombo was huge in 21 minutes off the bench , as he tallied a double - double with 12 points and 13 rebounds , along with three blocked shots . Detroit had seven players score in double digits as all hands were on deck , trying to grind out this second game in as many nights . Brandon Jennings gave the Pistons a lift off the bench and was a big part of their late - game comeback . Jennings finished with 22 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , four rebounds and two steals , in 21 minutes . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope chipped in 15 points , four rebounds , two steals and a block , in 34 minutes , while Andre Drummond tallied 11 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks , in 27 minutes . Anthony Tolliver started in place of Ersan Ilyasova , who sat out with a sore thigh . The Pistons will be in Brooklyn on Monday to play the second game of their current three - game road trip . The Raptors will begin a six - game road trip in Denver on Monday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 40 - 19 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 28 - 32 ) 104 - 94 on Wednesday . A game that was expected to be a grind - it - out defensive battle largely fulfilled that prophecy , with Toronto finally able to pull away on the strength of a pair of standout efforts from their two best players , and an injury to one of their opponent 's key pieces . Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan both tallied over 30 points , and Jazz shooting guard Rodney Hood exited the game in the second quarter after suffering a blow to the head , further dampening Utah 's prospects . Despite Hood 's absence for the entire second half , the Jazz battled throughout , and even managed to considerably outperform Toronto from three - point range by a margin of 39 percent to 27 percent . However , they were surprisingly outmuscled down low despite their formidable frontcourt , getting outrebounded 45 - 33 and outscored in the paint by a margin of 56 - 42 . Gordon Hayward spearheaded the offensive attack for Utah with 26 points , half of which came in the first quarter . He added six assists , three rebounds and a block . Derrick Favors was next with 15 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Rudy Gobert checked in with 10 points , eight boards , two assists and two steals . Trey Burke and Raul Neto paced the reserves with respective tallies of 11 and 10 points . The former added a rebound , while the latter also posted two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Jazz sit in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division and are currently a game behind the eighth - seeded Houston Rockets . They head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Friday night . Lowry paced the Raptors with 32 points , five assists , four rebounds , three steals and a block . DeRozan was right behind him with 31 points and five rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas collected 10 points , hauled in eight boards and recorded a block . Terrence Ross paced the Toronto reserves with 11 points , three rebounds and two steals . Toronto remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and possesses the second seed in the conference , two games back of the Cleveland Cavaliers . They 're home again on Friday night for a showdown with the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Houston Rockets ( 31 - 32 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 41 - 20 ) 113 - 107 on Sunday . The importance of the rather unlikely road victory for Houston can not be underscored , as the Rockets had come in to the contest having dropped three of their previous four games and in tangible danger of losing their grip on the eighth seed in the conference . Further dampening their prospects was the Raptors ' formidable defense , as well as the 12 - game home winning streak they carried into the Sunday night affair . Despite the rather long odds and a 61 - 51 halftime deficit , the visitors rallied on the strength of a typically remarkable effort from James Harden , who collected at least 40 points for the third time in the last six games . Corey Brewer also played a pivotal role off the bench with a 23 - point tally , and the oft - maligned Houston defense was able to elicit 15 turnovers from Toronto . The superior second - half performance was enough to earn the Rockets their first win north of the border since the 2006 - 2007 campaign . Harden added 14 assists , five rebounds and a steal to his game - high 40 - point total , and made a whopping 19 visits to the charity stripe . Brewer paced the Rockets reserves with his aforementioned 23 points , and supplemented it with four rebounds and a trio of assists . Dwight Howard was right behind with a 21 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and two blocks . Trevor Ariza followed with 13 points , two assists , a rebound and three steals . Although he could n't quite get into double digits in scoring , Patrick Beverley generally held his own against Kyle Lowry and filled out the stat sheet with seven points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . The Rockets are currently in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and they retain a rather tenuous hold on the eighth seed in the conference by one - and - one - half games over the Utah Jazz . They now head to Philadelphia to face off against the Sixers on Wednesday night . For a change , the Raptors were paced on offense by someone not named Lowry or DeMar DeRozan . Luis Scola surprisingly led the way for Toronto , as he capitalized on his matchup against the Rockets ' woeful power forward defense to post 21 points , three rebounds and a steal . DeRozan did follow close behind with 19 points , seven assists , six rebounds and two steals . Lowry was next with 17 points , nine assists , four rebounds and three steals . Jonas Valanciunas put in a full day 's work against Dwight Howard , posting a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included a trio of blocks . Corey Joseph ( nine points , five rebounds and three assists ) and Terrence Ross ( nine points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal ) co - led the Toronto bench . Despite the defeat , the Raptors remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and retain the second seed in the conference . They 're home against the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday night .
The Toronto Raptors ( 42 - 20 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 46 ) 104 - 99 on Tuesday . The Nets put a first - half scare into a superior Toronto squad , particularly in a second quarter in which they outscored the home team by a 35 - 14 margin . The rattled Raptors must have gotten the message at intermission , as they turned the tables in the third period and entered the final 12 minutes having shrunk their 16 - point halftime deficit to a mere two points . They kept the foot on the pedal to open the fourth , going on a 16 - 2 run that gave them a 94 - 82 lead they would n't relinquish . The hard - fought victory helped the Raptors edge to within two games of the top - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers in the Eastern Conference . Brooklyn enjoyed one of their best shooting nights from the field on the season , tallying 50 percent or better success rates from both the field and three - point range . They were led by Brook Lopez 's game - high 35 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a mammoth seven blocks . Frontcourt mate Thaddeus Young was next in line with 14 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Bojan Bogdanovic managed to get back into double - digit scoring with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Willie Reed followed up his solid spot start against the Timberwolves on Saturday with 10 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal to pace the reserves . The Nets remain in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Philadelphia to take on the last - place Sixers on Friday night . The dynamic backcourt duo of DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry spearheaded the Raptors ' attack . DeRozan led the way with 25 points , three rebounds , two assists and four steals . Lowry was next with a near double - double of 23 points , nine assists , four boards and a steal . Jonas Valanciunas was next with 10 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Jason Thompson contributed nine points , five rebounds , two assists , a steal and a pair of blocks in his spot start in place of Luis Scola . Patrick Patterson and Terrence Ross paced the bench with a pair of 11 - point efforts . Both players also hit key three - pointers in the Raptors ' second - half comeback . Toronto remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again against the Atlanta Hawks on Thursday night .
The Toronto Raptors ( 41 - 20 ) killed some of the surging Atlanta Hawks ' ( 36 - 29 ) momentum with a 104 - 96 win on Thursday night . The high - performing Raptors continued to dominate on Thursday while taking on one of the Eastern Conference 's tougher teams . The red - hot Raptors are on pace for the first 50 - win season in franchise history , now needing to go just 9 - 12 to round out the season to accomplish the feat . Toronto is a viable contender for the top spot in the Eastern Conference , sitting just two games back from the Cleveland Cavaliers . Thursday was a testimate to Toronto 's strong team play , as six Raptors scored in double digits while the team shot 46 percent from the field . All-Star guard DeMar DeRozan took the reigns for the Raps , contributing a game - high 30 points on 11 - for - 20 shooting . DeRozan was the clear focal point for Toronto 's offense , while fellow All-Star Kyle Lowry took on distribution , doling out seven dimes . Lowry also pitched in 19 points . He and DeRozan have joined Steph Curry and Klay Thompson and Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum as one of just three backcourt duos in the association in which both players are averaging at least 20 points per game . The Hawks , meanwhile , had come into Thursday 's matchup with five wins in their last six . No Hawk scored more than 20 , as the team shot just 43 percent from the field . Al Horford led the team in scoring while fellow All-Stars Jeff Teague , Paul Millsap , and Kyle Korver all struggled to find their shooting stroke . Atlanta 's loss furthers the down - to - the - wire battle that the Southeast Division has become , as the Heat , Hornets , and Hawks are all separated by just 2 games . The Hawks will host the Grizzlies on Saturday , while the Raptors will host the Heat .
The Toronto Raptors ( 48 - 21 ) are now just a single game away from leading the Eastern Conference after a 105 - 100 win over the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 40 ) on Sunday . Key players Jonas Valanciunas and Cory Joseph sat out the game for rest , leaving the bulk of the burden up to Toronto 's Sunday afternoon starting five . The squad measured up to the task , with All-Star DeMar DeRozan leading the game with 25 points . Fellow All-Star guard Kyle Lowry also impressed , scoring 18 , dishing out seven assists , and stealing the ball three times . Toronto played strong , well - rounded ball , turning the ball over just ten times on the whole and outrebounding Orlando 45 - 40 . Orlando , meanwhile , has slid far out of the Eastern Conference playoff picture after a hot start to the season , On Sunday , the backcourt of Evan Fournier and Victor Oladipo combined for 42 points , but the remainder of the Magic 's starting five scored in single - digits . Despite superior 48 percent shooting , Orlando got into major fould trouble , sending Toronto to the line 45 times on the night . Orlando is now just a few games away from elimination from playoff contention . Orlando will visit Boston on Monday , while Toronto will host Boston on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 52 - 22 ) earned a road win over the Toronto Raptors ( 49 - 24 ) Monday night at Air Canada Centre , 119 - 100 . Toronto took its first lead at 31 - 30 with 9:30 to go in the second quarter after a Kyle Lowry three - pointer polished off a 100 run for the Raptors . It would be all downhill from there , as the Thunder immediately rattled off an 110 run of their own and never trailed for the rest of the game . Oklahoma_City entered the second half with a 13 - point lead and Toronto never got it within double - digits in the second half . Kevin Durant led all scorers with 34 points for the Thunder despite a cold shooting night ( 11 - 27 FG , 3 - 10 3PT , 9 - 10 FT ) , and he added eight assists , eight rebounds , a block and a steal . Russell Westbrook added his league - leading 16th triple - double of the season with 26 points ( 10 - 16 FG ) , 12 assists and 11 rebounds , the latter both representing game highs . Oklahoma_City shot a sharp 11 - 26 ) 42 percent ) on three - pointers and 26 - 32 ( 81 percent ) as their offense powered them to the victory . DeMar DeRozan led the Raptors with 19 points on a poor shooting night ( 8 - 22 FG ) , and Kyle Lowry ( 4 - 14 FG , 2 - 8 3PT ) struggled from the floor as well and managed only 14 points . Norman Powell had the best offensive game for Toronto , pouring in 18 points on 7 - 13 shooting ( 4 - 7 3PT ) , and he added four rebounds and a pair of blocks in 27 minutes . But the shooting woes - - 41 percent from the floor and 8 - 24 ( 33 percent ) from three - - were too much for the Raptors to overcome the blistering performances from the Thunder 's superstar duo . The Thunder continue their road trip Tuesday against Detroit . The Raptors continue their homestand Wednesday against the Hawks .
The Toronto Raptors ( 50 - 24 ) reached 50 wins for the first time in franchise history on Wednesday after defeating the Atlanta Hawks ( 45 - 31 ) 105 - 97 . Toronto has emerged as a contender this season , rivaling LeBron and the Cavaliers for the top spot in the East for the bulk of the season . The Raps sit just two games back from the first seed with eight games remaining until the playoffs . Toronto once again proved successful against one of the East 's hottest teams , comfortably defeating the surging Hawks . Limiting Atlanta 's ball movement was a focal point , as the stingy Toronto defense was able to force 18 Atlanta turnovers . Per usual , the Toronto offense was carried by the stellar backcourt of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan , both of whom had impressive nights . DeRozan had a game - high 26 points , while Lowry scored 17 and also dished out 11 assists . Atlanta , meanwhile , has sought to separate itself from the middle of the Eastern Conference and hold on to the three seed heading into the playoffs . Wednesday 's performance did the team no favors , however , as the starting five simply struggled to find their mojo offensively . Only Jeff Teague scored in double digits for the unit , and the team as a whole had a turnover issue , coughing the ball up seven more times than Toronto on the night . With six games remaining , last year 's first seed will hope to retain homecourt advantage for the playoffs . Toronto will take on The Grizzlies on Friday , while Atlanta will have a long break before taking the floor on Tuesday against the Suns .
The Toronto Raptors ( 52 - 25 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 44 - 33 ) 96 - 90 on Tuesday . The Hornets came in to the contest with a playoff spot in hand , while the Raptors were trying to keep their faint chances of catching the top - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers alive . Charlotte , which had won five of their last seven games , and five of their last seven road contests as well , gave Toronto all they could handle until the closing seconds after mounting a furious rally in the fourth quarter . The vistors had entered the final 12 minutes trailing 75 - 59 , but a strong effort by Jeremy Lin , who started for the injured Nicolas Batum ( knee ) , helped key the comeback . The Hornets got as close as 93 - 88 with 37 seconds remaining after Kemba Walker successfully converted an and - one , but DeMar DeRozan and Corey Joseph were able to sink two key free throws apiece to seal the win . The Hornets were led by Lin 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven assists , four rebounds and a steal . Marvin Williams followed with 15 points , six rebounds , an assist and two steals . Walker was next with 11 points , two rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Courtney Lee managed 11 points , two rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Frank Kaminsky III paced the bench with nine points , six rebounds , an assist and a block , while Al Jefferson notably hauled in 11 boards in 20 minutes as a reserve . Charlotte is in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to New York to take on the Knicks on Wednesday . Toronto 's attack was spearheaded by DeRozan , who poured in a game - high 26 points and added seven rebounds , six assists and a steal . Kyle Lowry tallied 21 points , six assists , four rebounds and a block . Jonas Valanciunas posted a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , and recorded three blocks . Joseph paced the reserves with 11 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Patrick Patterson was productive off the bench as well , managing 10 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . The Raptors remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and due to a Cavs win on Tuesday , remain 4 games back of the top spot in the conference . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Thursday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 53 - 26 ) defeated the visiting Indiana Pacers ( 42 - 37 ) on Friday night , 111 - 98 . The Pacers entered needing one win to clinch a playoff berth , but the Raptors made sure they left in the same position even though they played with mostly reserves . With Toronto , the No . 2 seed in the Eastern Conference , resting DeMar DeRozan , Kyle Lowry and Luis Scola , rookies Norman Powell and Delon Wright led the way . Powell scored a season - high 27 points , setting a team rookie record with 19 free - throw attempts . He converted 14 and hit 3 of 4 from three - point range . Wright added 19 points while Corey Joseph totaled 18 points and nine assists . Monta Ellis led the Pacers with 17 points , and Solomon Hill scored 16 . Indiana entered as the league leader in 3 - point defense , allowing just 31 percent shooting from long range , but the Raptors shot 46 percent from distance . The Pacers will clinch a playoff berth with a Chicago Bulls loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday , or a win Sunday against the Brooklyn Nets . The Raptors , who led by as many as 19 points in the fourth quarter , set a franchise record with 31 home wins .
The Raptors ( 55 - 26 ) steamrolled the 76ers ( 10 - 71 ) Tuesday night at Air Canada Centre , 122 - 98 . Philadelphia 's offense exploded for 38 points in the second quarter , in which the 76ers knocked down seven of their 15 three - pointers of the game . But the hot shooting could n't last , as the Raptors held Philadelphia to 13 points in the third quarter and turned a six - point deficit into a 13 - point lead , and they would cruise to the finish line . Norman Powell 's 18 points led the Raptors as he shot 6 - 10 from the field and knocked down a pairo f three - pointers . Jonas Valanciunas posted a double - double with 17 points ( 8 - 16 FG ) and 11 rebounds , and Terrence Ross scored 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG ) in 27 minutes off the bench . The Raptors shot 51 percent from the field and made 10 - 25 from three - point land , too much offensive firepower for the 76ers to handle . Robert Covington knocked down six of his 10 three - point attempts en route to scoring a game - high 24 points for Philadelphia . Ish Smith had an efficient night from the field ( 8 - 11 FG , 2 - 3 3PT ) for 18 points , and Nerlens Noel notched a double - double with 14 points and 10 rebounds to go with three assists , three steals and a block . Philadelphia was hot from outside , making 13 - 35 ( 43 percent ) from three , but they got destroyed on the glass , with the Raptors grabbing 52 rebounds against the 76ers ' 32 . Philadelphia 's season ends Wednesday against the Bulls . The Raptors finish their campaign Wednesday in Brooklyn .
The Denver Nuggets ( 10 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 0 - 1 ) 105 - 85 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston . Despite opening the season on their home court , the Rockets struggled to find the bottom of the net in this one . As a team , the Rockets shot just 34 percent from the field and limped to a brutal 23 percent clip from deep . The Nuggets , on the other hand , stayed hot all game long , shooting 50 percent from the field and 48 percent from beyond the arc . In a relatively ugly game with 37 combined turnovers between the teams , the Nuggets were able to cash in the most and finished with a surprising 20 - point victory . Emmanuel Mudiay , the Nuggets ' seventh overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft , made his much anticipated regular season debut . Mudiay had a strong day shooting the ball , finishing with 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) over 37 minutes . He nearly completed the unconventional triple - double , as he also posted nine assists and 11 turnovers . While the ridiculous amount of turnovers is concerning , the Nuggets will need to give their rookie some time to settle in and get accustomed to NBA basketball . Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets in scoring , recording a team - high of 23 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , to go along with eight rebounds and three blocked shots . He averaged just 12 points and 4 rebounds last season , so it was a very nice start for the sixth - year guard . Kenneth Faried was the third Nuggets ' starter in double figures with 18 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 2 - 6 FT ) and nine rebounds . With Dwight Howard sitting out on suspension after accumulating a flagrant foul during the 2014 - 15 postseason , it was James Harden and Terrence Jones who did everything they could to make up for his absence . Harden struggled from deep , hitting just two of his twelve attempts from the three - point line , but still finished with a team - high of 22 points . Harden came just short of being named the league MVP last season , so this was not the start he had in mind . Jones recorded 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) of his own , while pulling down six rebounds . The only other Rocket to reach double figures was Ty Lawson , who scored 12 points ( 3 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) in his Rockets debut . Lawson averaged 15 points and 10 assists with the Nuggets last season , so do n't be surprised to see his numbers rise over the next few games . The Nuggets will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Rockets will remain in Houston in a matchup with the Golden State Warriors on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 20 ) continued their recent success against the Houston Rockets ( 0 - 2 ) on Friday by blowing them out in Houston 112 - 92 . The Golden_State Warriors won eight of their nine games against the Houston Rockets last season and it appears they simply own them at this point . Golden_State has now scored at least 98 points in all nine of those games and the Rockets simply ca n't stop this potent offense . The Warriors were led by MVP Steph Curry , who tallied 25 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the blowout victory . Dwight Howard also made his return from a suspension for the Rockets in this game , as he tallied nine points and seven assists while battling foul trouble across 22 minutes of play . The Warriors outscored the Rockets in all four quarters and the game was decided well before the final buzzer . The Warriors had just one player who scored more than 14 points in this matchup , but they did have seven players who scored at least nine points . This is now two blowout wins over playoff teams from last year and the Warriors appears to have a major chip on their shoulder with naysayers in the offseason belittling their championship run . The Rockets are a poor man 's Golden_State and it will be tough for them to beat the Warriors in the future in a three - point shootout with all the shooters Golden_State possess . The Warriors take on the New Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 2 ) on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back in their next matchup . The Rockets started the season with two home games and now have two 20 - point blowout losses . The team continued its terrible shooting from distance and they 're also looking like a poor defensive team yet again . The Rockets are currently shooting below 25 percent from three - point range in their first two games and they have allowed their opponents to shoot nearly 50 percent from the field as well . Harden has also struggled mightily in these first two games , as he is 10 - for - 39 from the field and a dreadful 3 - for - 22 from three - point range . Houston will look to bounce back on the road in their next game on Sunday against the Miami Heat .
The Houston Rockets ( 1 - 3 ) got their first win of the season Monday , holding off the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 3 - 1 ) 110 - 105 at the Toyota Center . After struggling mightily in the first three games of the season , James Harden turned in a vintage performance to defeat his former team . He scored 37 points ( 12 - 26 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt , 9 - 11 FT ) with five rebounds , three assists , and three steals in a team - high 38 minutes . If Houston wants to match its win total of 56 from last season , Harden is going to have to have more games like this one . Russell Westbrook came two rebounds shy of his first triple - double of 2015 - 16 , scoring 25 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) with 11 assists and eight boards in 32 minutes . While it was a big fantasy night for Westbrook , he turned the ball over seven times and was in foul trouble for most of the game . The Thunder just were n't able to keep up with Harden and the Rockets while Westbrook sat on the bench . Kevin Durant had a solid game with 29 points and Serge Ibaka posted a 12 - point , 14 - rebound double - double . Harden was the star of the game , but Ty Lawson 's performance ca n't go overlooked . Lawson seemed out of place over the first three games of his Houston career , but came up big in this one , chipping in 14 points and 11 assists . He also had four steals and did a nice job of taking care of the ball against a feisty Oklahoma_City backcourt . Dwight Howard , who sat out of Sunday 's loss to the Heat to rest his back , added 16 points and eight rebounds in his return to the lineup . The Rockets will look to build on their first win Wednesday against the Magic at home . The Thunder will head back home for a matchup against the Raptors .
The Nets ( 1 - 7 ) finally managed to win a game , defeating the Rockets ( 4 - 4 ) 106 - 98 at Toyota Center on Wednesday . Brooklyn outscored Houston 25 - 17 in the fourth quarter en route to its first win of the season . The unsung hero of the night was Bojan Bogdanovic , who scored a team - high 22 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) in 34 minutes off the bench . The Rockets went cold from the field in the fourth after shooting the lights out for the entire contest . James Harden had an off night , struggling from beyond the arc ( 3 - 10 ) and failing to get to the line enough ( 4 - 5 ) . The Nets woes from downtown had been documented thoroughly up until tonight when they finally posted a solid percentage from distance ( 47 percent , 8 - 17 ) . Brook Lopez ( foot ) had a tough time dealing with Dwight Howard in the paint , but came alive late in the game to finish with 14 points , 12 rebounds and five blocks . It was his fourth double - double of the season . Joe Johnson turned into a distributor for the night , dishing out 10 assists while adding 16 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting from the field . Rockets coach Kevin McHale rode his starters in this one , as nobody off the bench played more than 16 minutes ( Terrence Jones ) . Howard has needed to rest after every couple of games , but it 's almost made him more effective when he does play . The all - star center posted 20 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 0 - 2 FT ) while ripping down 17 rebounds and blocking five shots over 37 minutes . Marcus Thornton also chipped in 21 points , hitting three from beyond the arc with seven assists and four steals . Brooklyn will head to Sacramento Friday to face the Kings in the third game of a four - game road trip ; Houston will try and bounce back against the Nuggets in Denver .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 6 - 4 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 4 - 6 ) 110 - 98 on Saturday . The Mavericks pulled off an impressive upset over a struggling Rockets team thanks to some depth and good defense . The biggest discrepancy in the game were the bench points , as the Mavericks bench outscored the Rockets bench 44 - 32 in the victory , which was a much more lopsided number until a late hot - streak from Jason Terry . Dallas also shot 48 percent from the field , while Houston could only hit 38 percent of their shots . Both these teams are going in opposite directions right now and this game is indicative of the team 's recent forms . The Mavericks played well yet again on Saturday and they appear to be finding their rhythm . This now gives them four wins in their last five games and they have been averaging over 110 points a game in that stretch . The impressive part of this win is that they did it in the absence of Dirk Nowitzki , Chandler Parsons and Wesley Matthews , who were all resting on Saturday . Dallas got some great starts from Charlie Villanueva and Raymond Felton , who totaled 42 points and 11 rebounds in the absence of Nowitzki and Matthews . Most basketball fans wrote off the Mavericks at the beginning of the season , but they are proving to be a force to be reckoned with right now . They 'll look to keep up the good form in a game where they 'll be favored against the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday The Rockets put in another poor performance once again at home in whats been a disappointing season thus far , The Rockets were led by Terrence Jones who tallied 23 points , six rebounds and three blocks in the loss . James Harden put together another good line , but it was a poor performance from the MVP candidate . In fact , he started with 11 straight misses and ended the game shooting 5 - for - 21 with six turnovers committed in the loss . He did got 14 - for - 14 from the free - throw line to salvage his line , but the Rockets need better shooting out of their superstar . This is not the same Rockets team from last year and they have some major work to do to pull themselves out of this hole they are digging . They 'll start that digging against the Boston Celtics on Monday .
The Boston Celtics ( 6 - 4 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 4 - 7 ) Monday 111 - 95 at the Toyota Center in Houston . The early - season struggles continue for the Rockets , while the Celtics continue to impress . Boston ended up winning in dominating fashion , as despite finishing the first half in a draw , a dominating third quarter that the C’s won 32 - 13 ended the game before the final period could even start . Isaiah Thomas continues to thrive in his role as the starting point guard , as he finished with 23 points and six assists in just 24 minutes . He has now recorded 20 - plus points and six - plus assists in three straight games - all of which were won by Boston . Coming off the bench , Avery Bradley put in an efficient outing of his own , scoring 21 points in just 20 minutes . Jae Crowder was the only other Celtic to score in double figures , finishing with 16 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting in 28 minutes . On the contrary , the Rockets struggles were personified by the poor play of their two superstars . James Harden could not get anything going on offense , as he shot just 4 - of - 10 from the field and finished with 16 points and three assists in 30 minutes . Dwight Howard struggled even more , managing to hit just 2 - of - 4 shots and finishing with five points in 30 minutes . He did , however , finish with a game - high 12 rebounds . The lone bright spots from Houston came from Trevor Ariza , who finished with a team - high 19 points and nine rebounds , and Terrence Jones , who scored 15 points and grabbed eight rebounds . Up next , the Celtics will head home Wednesday to take on the Mavericks , while the Rockets stay at home Wednesday and play the Trail Blazers .
Houston trailed Portland by 15 points entering the fourth quarter , but came back to defeat them 108 - 103 in overtime . Corey Brewer hit a deep three at the end of regulation to tie it at 99 . James Harden then led the way , scoring all nine points in the exra quarter for the Rockets , who improved to 5 - 7 on the season . The comeback victory was much needed for Houston , who took the court the same day they fired head coach Kevin McHale . McHale was coaching his fifth season with the team . The Rockets came into the season with high expections after a playoff run that ended in the Western Conference Finals . Unfortuantely , a lack luster start to the season had them at 4 - 7 entering the day , and the Rockets decided they needed to light a spark under the team . They responded accordingly with their fourth quarter rally , which could potentially be looked back at as a turning point in their season . As usual , Portland was led by Damian Lillard who scored a team high 23 points on 6 - 19 shooting from the field . C.J. McCollum , Al-Farouq Aminu , and Allen Crabbe also chipped in with double - digit point totals . Along with Aminu 's 16 points , he also added 15 rebounds in 37 minutes . The Trailblazers fell to 4 - 9 with the loss and will look to bounce back Friday when they welcome the Clippers to town . James Harden nealry had a monster triple double for the Rockets with 45 points ( 11 - 29 FG , 4 - 15 3PT , 19 - 20 FT ) , eight rebounds , 11 assists , and five steals in 47 minutes . Trevor Ariza and Corey Brewer each added 18 and 16 points respectively , while Dwight Howard scored seven points and grabbed 19 boards . Houston will look to carry their momentum into Friday 's game in Memphis .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 17 ) came very close to humiliating the Houston Rockets ( 6 - 10 ) in Houston Friday night but fell short by two as Houston came out on top 116 - 114 . The Rockets were up most of the way but Phili came up with a big fourth quarter and actually had the lead 104 - 97 with 6:41 left . Houston had to play this one to the very end in order to avoid falling victim to the winless Sixers . Philadelphia 's Robert Covington had his best game of the season so far as he finished with a career high 28 points on 7 - 12 shooting , including 6 - 9 from deep , seven rebounds , five assists , along with a whopping eight steals . Isaiah Canaan also had a great game with 23 points on 9 - 17 shooting , two rebounds and two assists . Jerami Grant chipped in 18 points , three rebounds one assist and one steal . T.J. McConnell scored six points on 3 - 4 shooting and filled the stat sheet with six assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 25 minutes off the bench . Nerlens Noel sat this one out with a sore knee . James Harden made sure his team did not suffer humilation on Friday night as he put up a giant 50 points on 14 - 28 shooting , 6 - 12 from deep , along with eight assists and nine rebounds . Despite his great game Harden gave up an ugly nine turnovers . Dwight Howard did his job in the paint , scoring a double double with 14 points and 13 rebounds , he also dished four assists . Clint Capela also tallied a double double for the Rockets , with 13 points and 10 rebounds . The Rockets absolutely cleaned the glass , with a team total 49 rebounds . Next up for Houston is a dance in New York with the Knicks on Sunday . The Sixers will be visiting Memphis on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets ( 8 - 11 ) won for the third time in four games Wednesday night as they held off the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 15 ) to win 108 - 101 at the Toyota Center . The Pelicans took a one - point lead with 8:56 to go in the game , but the Rockets rattled off a 100 run over the next four minutes to build up an insurmountable lead . Rockets guard James Harden fueled the run with its first five points , and the Rockets never trailed in the game 's final five minutes . Harden 's 24 points paced the Rockets despite an off shooting night ( 7 - 20 ) , as he used his skills to get to the foul line and chip in nine free throws in 10 attempts . Patrick Beverley supplied a double - double with 10 points , 10 redbounds , all while playing a stellar point guard and dishing six assists without a turnover . Terrence Jones added 15 points off the bench and was just one of three Rockets reserves to score in double - digits . For the Pelicans , it was superstar Anthony Davis leading the way , as he had his own double - double with 29 points ( 9 - 20 shooting ) and 13 rebounds , and he made his presence felt on the defensive end with a pair of blocks and steals each . Ryan Anderson came off the bench to supply 19 points ( 3 - 9 three - point shooting ) and 10 rebounds . Poor shooting killed the Pelicans , who managed just 41 percent from the floor and 28 percent from deep . Houston will look to make it a winning streak Friday at Dallas . New_Orleans next gets the Cavaliers at home on Friday .
The Houston Rockets ( 10 - 11 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 14 ) 120 - 113 on Saturday . In what was anticipated to be a high - scoring game , fans weren’t disappointed with some up - tempo basketball . The Rockets got off nearly 100 shots in the game and the two teams combined to take 60 three - point attempts . There were 12 total players who scored in double - digits , so it was a good night to get your averages up with these bad defenses playing as expected . The free - throw discrepancy was huge as well , as Houston went 32 - for - 43 from the line while the Kings went just 11 - for - 13 . While Sacramento did have seven players score in double figures , nobody scored more than 20 points . DeMarcus Cousins was especially disappointing , as he scored just 14 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting . Rajon Rondo did put in another spectacular line though , as he tallied 13 points , 19 assists and four steals in the loss . Ben McLemore also had one of his best games of the season , as he amassed 19 points , nine rebounds and three steals in the defeat . The problem with this team all year has been its defense and a 120 - point outing certainly wo n't help those numbers . The Kings will look to bounce - back when they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday . Houston finally seems to be finding some rhythm after a terrible start to the season . They have now won five of their last six games and the offense is playing as fans hoped at the beginning of the season . The defense is still poor , but when you average 110 - plus points in a stretch like that , it 's hard to lose . This team was built with James Harden and Dwight Howard as the core and those two carried them on Saturday . Harden totaled 31 points and nine assists , while Howard collected 22 points and 18 rebounds in the win . In fact , the two combined to attempt 30 free - throws and that 's usually a recipe for a win . The Rockets will look to keep the hot streak going against the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday .
The Houston Rockets ( 12 - 12 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 21 ) 126 - 97 on Saturday . The Lakers ' frontcourt has been manhandled throughout the season by opposing power forwards and centers , and Saturday night represented another situation ripe for the same type of outcome , considering that Los_Angeles would be facing a motivated Dwight Howard . The Rockets ' big man , who spent one tumultous season in Los_Angeles during the 2012 - 13 campaign , brought his A-game against his former team after back - to - back lackluster performances . The 12 - year pro posted 18 points , 12 rebounds , a pair of assists , a pair of blocks and a steal . It was Howard 's seventh double - double of the season , and featured his second - best shooting night of the campaign ( 88 percent ) . His dominance was a microcosm of the bigger picture , as Houston outscored the visitors in the paint 62 - 28 and outrebounded them 52 to 40 . Los_Angeles was led by Kobe Bryant , who managed one of his best games of the season with 25 points , seven assists , six rebounds and three steals over 31 minutes . Lou Williams was solid in another starting opportunity , tallying 15 points , five rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . D'Angelo Russell could n't put together a third consecutive standout performance , but did pitch in with 12 points , four assists and and three steals . Roy Hibbert ( 10 points ) and Larry Nance , Jr. ( eight points ) only managed modest contributions , and Nick Young paced the Los_Angeles bench with 13 points . The Lakers fell to 3 - 21 and remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head home to face the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday . In addition to Howard 's stellar effort , James Harden led the overall scoring for Houston with 30 points . Clint Capela also produced against the Lakers ' vulnerable frontcourt , managing his own double - double with 11 points and 10 rebounds . While the remaining Houston starters only mustered single - digit points , Marcus Thornton paced the Rockets bench with 18 points , while Donatas Motiejunas had his best game since returning from offseason back surgery . The four - year pro managed an impressive 11 points in just 15 minutes , which was his highest allotment of playing time in the four games that he 's been active this season . The Rockets improved to 12 - 12 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They travel to Denver to face off against the Nuggets on Monday .
The Houston Rockets ( 14 - 14 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 12 ) 107 - 97 on Saturday . Clippers Head Coach Doc Rivers stated multiple times in his press conferences this season that the Clippers need to improve on the defensive end of the floor , and that precise reason resulted in the loss to the Rockets . Outside of strong performances from starters Chris Paul , DeAndre Jordan , Blake Griffin and JJ Redick , Los_Angeles sporadic bench was unable to assist the offensive end , and broke down defensively out the gate . Blake Griffin led all Clippers scorers with 22 points and the power forward pulled down eight rebounds alongside six assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Chris Paul scored 12 points and added 10 assists , while DeAndre Jordan provided a double - double of his own with 16 points and 11 rebounds . Rivers used all 15 players at his disposal , but the team shot 40 percent from the field and 29 percent from deep . The Clippers were coming off a blown fourth quarter lead to the San Antonio Spurs on Friday , and the second game of a back - to - back against the Rockets proved to be as daunting a task . The Dwight Howard headlines may be circulating on account of the center’s unhappiness in Houston , but the outside issues did not phase the big man as he posted 22 points and 14 rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . James Harden struggled to find his stroke though the contest , but scored 18 points and dished out 11 assists in the winning effort . Ty Lawson ( suspension ) served his first of a two game suspension for his 2014 DUI . Trevor Ariza provided 17 points , six rebounds and three assists in 33 minutes , while Donatas Motiejunas and Marcus Thornton added double figures off the bench . Both teams play on Monday , with the Clippers returning home to face the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 18 - 9 ) , while the Rockets host the Charlotte Hornets ( 15 - 11 ) .
The Rockets ( 15 - 14 ) defeated the Hornets ( 15 - 12 ) 102 - 95 at Toyota Center on Monday . After a very tight first half , the Rockets managed to jump out to a nine - point lead heading into the fourth quarter . But the Hornets responded to even the score , though they were unable to contain James Harden . After scoring just 18 points in Saturday 's win , Harden turned in a vintage performance with 36 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 16 - 19 FT ) to go along with seven assists and five rebounds . It was the third straight win for the Rockets , who are over the .500 mark on the season for the first time since Nov. 7 . Harden did n't get much help from the rest of the Rockets ' starters , but he did get some support from the bench . Terrence Jones posted 17 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting from the field and Marcus Thornton put up 13 with a pair of 3 - pointers . Dwight Howard was relatively quiet after recording back - to - back double - doubles . Houston will get a chance to extend its win streak to four games Wednesday against the Magic . The Hornets - - for the most part - - played a pretty tight defensive game , but had no one to slow down Harden , which was the difference in the end . They also experienced one of their worst offensive games of the season , shooting just under 35 percent from the field while hitting just 12 - of - 41 attempts from beyond the arc . Charlotte tried to spread the ball around with seven players taking eight or more shot attempts , but it did n't translate into winning basketball . The Hornets will look to end their mini two - game skid Wednesday against the Celtics at home .
The Houston Rockets ( 16 - 15 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 25 - 6 ) 88 - 84 on Friday in a Christmas Day showdown . The Rockets pulled off quite the feat here , as they beat one of the powerhouses in the NBA . They got it done with an even more bizarre recipe , as they won with defense and very little three - point shooting . Houston really turned it on in the second half overcoming a halftime deficit to win the second half by nine points . Houston didn’t shoot efficiently from the free - throw line , but they did a fantastic job of drawing fouls , as they took 26 free throws to the Spurs eight . The Spurs are known for their staunchy defense , but they didn’t play enough offense here to get a win . They barely shot 40 percent from the field and got to the free - throw line just eight times . Tim Duncan recorded a double - double , but Kawhi Leonard was the star on the night . Leonard has a great all - around game , tallying 20 points , seven rebounds , four assists , five steals and three blocks in an outstanding performance . This was a tough task to beat a hungry Houston team on the road in a showcase game and the Spurs have nothing to be ashamed about with their amazing play this season . They 'll take on the Denver Nuggets at home on Saturday in their next game to try to continue their undefeated home streak this season . The Rockets haven’t had a great season by their standards , but this was a great performance in a showcase game . They attempt the most three - pointers in the NBA , but went just 7 - for - 15 here in an efficient fashion . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , but the beard was the hero . He showed up big in the second half and carried them to a win . Harden finished with 20 points , nine assists and four rebounds en route to the victory . Jason Terry also scored nine points in the final quarter and came up clutch for this Rockets team to help aid the win . They 'll look to build off this win in Saturday 's game against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 21 - 13 ) prevailed over the Houston Rockets ( 17 - 16 ) in a wild back - and - forth affair , 121 - 115 on Tuesday . The game provided plenty of fireworks with several outstanding individual stat lines , but the best individual matchup of the night was between the big men . Dwight Howard and Al Horford seemed to bring out each other 's best and virtually matched one another point for point and rebound and rebound . Howard finished with a season - high 30 points and added 16 rebounds , while Horford equaled him with a season - high 30 points and 14 rebounds . Due to the game remaining close throughout , both players also received a higher allotment of minutes than usual . The standoff between them also extended to the final statistics down low for both clubs , as they battled to a draw near the basket ; Atlanta slightly outscored Houston in the paint , 50 - 46 , while the Rockets nipped them in the rebounding department , 46 - 45 . Besides Horford 's outstanding effort , the Hawks also got a trio of 20 - point - plus efforts from some of their most dependable starters . Kent Bazemore , already a solid contributor in rebounds and assists , turned his scoring up several notches , collecting 26 points on the night along with four assists and three rebounds . Stalwarts Jeff Teague and Paul Millsap contributed a pair of 22 - point tallies , with the latter making it a double - double by hauling in 13 boards as well . The veteran power forward also added a season - high five blocks as he dominated a Houston defense that has been one of the league 's weakest against opposing fours . The Hawks improved to 21 - 13 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They will now enjoy an extended break over the New Year 's holiday and return to action in New York on Sunday . In addition to Howard 's mammoth double - double , Jame Harden pitched in with one of his own , pouring in 26 points , while also impressively grabbing a season - high 10 boards and dishing out eight assists . Clint Capela was the third Rockets starter to accomplish the feat , posting 17 points and 10 rebounds . Trevor Ariza ( 10 points ) and Patrick Beverley ( nine points ) rounded out the starting five 's contributions with modest outputs , while Ty Lawson continued his recent stretch of improved play by pacing the Houston bench with 14 points , four assists , a rebound and a steal . The Rockets fell to 16 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They await the Golden State Warriors for a New Year 's Eve matchup at home .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 30 - 2 ) held off the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 18 ) to win 114 - 110 on Thursday night . This was a good old fashion Western Conference game with a ton of scoring and competitive play . Both teams offenses looked as efficient as ever , as they both were hovering around 50 percent from the field and over 40 percent from three - point range . No team really got a big lead in this game and it was nip - and - tuck throughout . The ball movement was the big difference for the Warriors , as they recorded 35 assists to the Rockets 21 . That 's no surprise with Golden_State ranking first in the NBA in assists . Golden state looked like a shell of themselves in their last game without Steph Curry , but looked like the Warriors we all know and love here . The team was moving the ball around like they have been all season and playing the great team - ball they are known for . Draymond Green played distributor tonight en route to his fifth triple - double , as he dished out 16 assists to go with 11 points and 10 rebounds . Klay Thompson was great as well , as he recorded 38 points and seven rebounds . This small break without Curry may be just what this team needs to continue their historic run at that elusive 72 - win mark . The Warriors will take on the Denver Nuggets in their next game on Saturday . The Rockets played extremely well here , but fell just short against a better team . The combination of James Harden and Dwight Howard were the stars on Thursday and they need them to continue to play at this level all season . Harden tallied 30 points , five rebounds and five assists while Howard collected 21 points , 13 rebounds , five assists , three blocks and two steals . Those two playing at that type of level has been a rare sight this season and if they want to make another deep run , this form will need to carry over . Houston will have another tough task on Saturday , as they have to take on the San Antonio Spurs in a building where they haven’t lost in this season . Not to mention that that 's a revenge game with the Rockets beating the Spurs on Christmas .
The Houston Rockets ( 18 - 19 ) earned the 103 - 94 victory against the visiting Utah Jazz ( 15 - 20 ) on Thursday night at Toyota Center . This was the second night of a back - to - back for the Jazz , who were coming off a tough loss in San Antonio on Wednesday night . The Jazz have now lost their last seven road games and their last three games in a row . Houston has now won two in a row and is 20 in the season series against Utah . Utah led 44 - 39 at half but the Rockets came out in a lot stronger in the second half . They tied the game at 48 with eight minutes to go in the third and by the mid - fourth they had stretched their lead to nine . Houston had a game of two halves , scoring 39 points in the first half and 64 points in the second half . Houston was missing Dwight Howard who sat out with a sore back , and Ty Lawson who served the first of a three - game suspension for a DUI he picked up last season . This was no worry for James Harden who has been able to carry his team on many occasions . Harden led the Rockets with 33 points ( 13 - 25 FG , 0 - 7 3Pt , 7 - 10 FT ) , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block , in 34 minutes . Terrence Jones started in place of Howard and tallied 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) , eight rebounds and two assists , in 32 minutes . Jason Terry finished with 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , two rebounds and two assists , in 20 minutes . The Rockets shot a solid 52 percent from the field . The Jazz had trouble handling the ball as they gave up eight turnovers in the first quarter alone and a total of 19 turnovers in the game . Rudy Gobert was back in the lineup after missing a few games with an MCL strain but came off the bench for limited minutes , while Alec Burks ( fractured fibula ) and Derrick Favours ( back spasms ) remained sidelined . Gordon Hayward led the Jazz in scoring with 15 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , along with five assists , in 37 minutes . Trevor Booker was solid in 25 minutes off the bench , finishing with 12 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) and nine rebounds . Rookie Trey Lyles started in place of Favours and finished with nine points , nine rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocked shots , in 33 minutes . Next the Jazz will host Miami on Saturday . The Jazz have faired a lot better at home than on the road this season . Top scorers Paul George and James Harden will shoot it out on Sunday as the Rockets host the Pacers .
The Houston Rockets ( 19 - 19 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 21 - 16 ) 107 - 103 in an overtime thriller on Sunday . This was anticipated to be a high - scoring game and while it was , it took overtime to get there . It was amazing how much three - point shooting there was in this game , as the two teams combined for 69 three - point attempts . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Pacers recorded 33 assists and 18 turnovers , while the Rockets committed 22 turnovers to their 24 assists . It 's rare to see a team win a game when your turnovers and assists are nearly identical , but that was the case here . The Rockets won the rebounding total 49 to 39 and that very well may have been the decisive factor . The Pacers were outscored by 13 in the fourth quarter and just couldn’t hold off the Rockets in overtime for a devastating loss . Paul George wasn’t scoring like he usually does , but he did a great job of stuffing the stat sheet and playing great defense . George finished the game with 20 points , six rebounds , four assists , seven steals and two blocks in the defeat . Monta Ellis also did a great job of playing distributor , as he dished out 13 assists while scoring 11 of his own in the loss . Indiana will look to bounce back against the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday in their next game . The Rockets played some ugly basketball tonight , with the five starters combining for 19 turnovers . That 's a recipe for disaster , especially when you 're not shooting the three - ball well . In any case , they still pulled out a win in impressive comeback fashion and got back to .500 . Dwight Howard had a renaissance line , as he totaled 21 points and 17 rebounds . James Harden was the go - to guy once again though , as he tallied 21 points , nine rebounds and nine assists in the win . The bench scored just 23 points here , so the starters had a lot on their shoulders and capitalized with their opportunity . Houston will travel to Memphis on Tuesday in their next game to take on the Grizzlies .
The Houston Rockets ( 21 - 19 ) defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 28 ) 107 - 104 on Wednesday atToyota Center . This game marked a close affair between two Western Conference teams . With nine seperate lead changes , each team had their chance to make a run and close the game out , but in the end , the Rockets came out victorious . In the fourth quarter , down by seven with a minute and a half left in the game , the Timberwolves did everything they could finish strong . A bucket by Kevin Martin and a pair of free throws from Karl Anthony-Towns brought them within three . After a missed shot by the Rockets , Martin had a chance to tie the ball game at 107 , but missed a three - pointer at the buzzer to take the loss on the road . It was James Harden , though , that led the way for the Rockets on Wednesday . Harden started the game out strong , scoring 16 points in the first half alone . He went on to finish the night with a team - high of 27 points ( 8 - 22 FG , 2 - 10 3Pt , 9 - 11 FT ) , while also getting his teammates involved and adding 11 assists . The double - double marked his eighth of the season , while it was the sixth time he 's recorded double - digit assists . Notching a double - double of his own was Dwight Howard . Howard has dealt with lingering back spasms this season , but did n't show any ill effects Wednesday and added 15 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 5 - 10 FT ) , 10 rebounds and two blocked shots . While the above duo played well , they also received some help off the bench , as Terrence Jones chipped in with 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and nine rebounds . It was Andrew Wiggins who did everything he could to keep the Timberwolves close . He struggled in the first half , recording just 10 points and one rebound , but he ended up exploding in the second half and finished the outing with 28 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) and a pair of boards . The second - year guard out of Kansas has really stepped it up offensively of late and is averaging 27 points over his last four outings . December 's Rookie of the Month , Karl Anthony-Towns , also saw some success against the tough defensive bigs of the Rockets . Towns recorded 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 4 fT ) and 16 rebounds over 33 minutes of action . The 16 rebounds matched a season - high for the rookie . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday , while the Timberwolves will remain on the road against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 28 - 10 ) embarrassed the Houston Rockets ( 21 - 20 ) in a 91 - 77 win on Friday . It 's not too often that an offense like the Rockets gets completely shut down , but that happened on Friday . They were held to just 35 percent shooting and shot just 6 - for - 25 from three - point range . Houston was held to just 51 points through three quarters while shooting under 30 percent as well and there was simply no juice in the building for the Rockets to build off of . The 77 points was a season - low for Houston and they were lucky to get to that total with the result out of hand very early . This was just one of those ugly NBA blowouts that 's hard to watch and that 's a frustrating sign for Houston with the recent success they have had . Cleveland was clearly frustrated by losing on Thursday to the San Antonio Spurs and put it to the Rockets here . What makes this so impressive is that this was the back end of a back - to - back after playing one of the most defensively aggressive teams the night before . All of the “big three” played great for Cleveland here , as LeBron James , Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love all put up great lines . James finished with 19 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Irving finished with 23 points on 9 - for - 17 shooting and Love recorded an 11 point - 13 rebound double - double . The bench really struggled , but when these three are playing like this , it really doesn’t matter . Up next for the Cavaliers is one of the showcase games of the year , as they host the Golden State Warriors on Martin Luther King Day . This was one of Houston 's worst offensive games in years and it 's no surprise it came against a stout defense like the Cavaliers . The bench was downright bad on Friday , as the six regular bench players combined for 24 points on 5 - for - 26 shooting , which included some garbage time scoring . It wasn’t just the bench though , as no player scored more than 14 points . That player was James Harden , who shot 2 - for - 10 while committing seven turnovers in a nightmare game . The one bright spot would be a double - double from Dwight Howard , who has been playing his best ball of the year over recent weeks . This snapped a five - game wining streak for the Rockets and it doesn’t get much easier on Monday , when they play the scorching hot Los Angeles Clippers .
The Houston Rockets ( 23 - 22 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 19 - 26 ) 102 - 98 , on Friday night at Toyota Center in Houston . Houston came into this game with quite a shake - up in their lineup . Dwight Howard and Patrick Beverley both sat this one out with sprained ankles but it was not about who was missing for the Rockets , rather who had joined . Josh Smith made his debut for Houston after being traded from the Clippers earlier on Friday . The Rockets had lost their last two games and three of their last four previous to this game but managed to grind out the win . Houston has now won its last five versus the Bucks . The Rockets led by as many as 15 in the fourth quarter but Milwaukee battled back with a 32 - point fourth quarter . The Bucks brought it to a two - point game with six seconds left but Trevor Ariza hit two clutch free throws to put the game just out of reach . Ariza finished the game with 19 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds , two assists and one block , in 36 minutes . James Harden led Houston in scoring with 30 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , along with eight assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 34 minutes . Terrence Jones was solid off the bench , with 14 points , eight rebounds and four blocked shots . Meanwhile , Josh Smith only scored two points but dished six assists , grabbed five rebounds , two steals and blocked three shots , in his Rockets season debut . Greg Monroe led the way for Milwaukee . Monroe finished with 21 points ( 10 - 17 FG ) , nine rebounds , four blocks and three assists , in 29 minutes . Khris Middleton also finished with 21 points ( 8 - 21 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , along with seven assists , in 42 minutes . Giannis Antetokounmpo was solid in 33 minutes , with 18 points , six rebounds and two assists . This loss snapped a three - game win streak for the Bucks , who needed this win to stay within three games of eighth in the East . The Bucks will finish up their current four - game road trip on the second night of a back to back , in New Orleans on Saturday . The Rockets will host the Mavericks on Sunday for a big Southwest Division match up .
The Houston Rockets ( 24 - 22 ) defeated the visiting Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 21 ) 115 - 104 at Toyota Center on Sunday . Houston picked up right where they left off as they jumped out to a quick start in this one . Trevor Ariza fuelled the Rockets ' 36 - point first quarter by scoring 16 points on 6 - 7 shooting from the field , including 4 - 5 from long range . The Mavericks turned things around in the second quarter , outscoring the Rockets 29 - 14 , to take the lead 58 - 50 going into halftime , however they let their lead slip to 85 - 84 by the end of the third quarter . In the fourth the Rockets took over for good . They out - scored the Mavs 31 - 19 in the fourth , with eight of those points coming from recent re - acquisition Josh Smith . Houston has now won two straight , coinciding with the return of Josh Smith . Patrick Beverley made his return to the starting lineup after he missed a couple of games with a sprained ankle . Beverley finished with seven points , nine rebounds and four assists , in 30 minutes . Trevor Ariza was huge for the Rockets as he dropped 29 points ( 11 - 15 FG , 6 - 9 3Pt ) , along with three rebounds , three steals and two assists , in 39 minutes . James Harden recorded a triple - double with 23 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 310 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , 15 rebounds and 10 assists , along with two blocked shots , in 35 minutes . Dwight Howard sat this one out with a sprained ankle . Chandler Parsons continued his strong play as of late , with 31 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 5 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 9 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists , in 35 minutes . Parsons has been a different animal lately as his scoring average in the last four games is about 17 points higher than it was through the first 40 games . Dirk Nowitzki put up 19 points ( 7 - 13 FG ) and three rebounds , in 27 minutes . Raymond Felton played well in 34 minutes off the bench , finishing with 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) , eight rebounds and two assists . The Mavs went with a different look at the center position in this one , with Salah Mejri starting in place of Zaza Pachulia ( leg ) . Mejri faired well as he tallied 10 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds and three blocked shots , in 29 minutes . The Mavericks have now lost two straight games . They will look to turn things around in L.A. on Tuesday when they play the Lakers . The Rockets will begin a three - game road trip in New Orleans on Monday . They will look to extend their win streak but will be faced with the challenge of playing on the second night of a back - to - back .
The Washington Wizards ( 21 - 24 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 25 ) 123 - 122 on Saturday night . In a battle between two high - paced teams , offense was on display . Both teams shot right around 50 percent from the field , with both surpassing the 100 - point threshold early in the fourth quarter . The benches were a huge discrepancy , as the Wizards bench scored 65 points to the Rockets 25 . What was also big for Washington was the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to Houston 's 37 . This was a much needed win for a Washington team who had lost three - straight coming into this game . The bench was spectacular tonight , as four players scored in double - figures with Ramon Sessions leading the bench with 17 points . John Wall had a huge game as well , as he tallied 19 points , 13 assists and eight rebounds in the win . Up next is a very tough matchup , as the Wizards travel to take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday . The Rockets got some great performances from their studs here , but it was one again the defense that let them down . Not only did they allow 123 points , they allowed Washington to shoot 53 percent from the field . James Harden was his usual self though , as he accumulated 40 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds in the loss . Dwight Howard had 20 points and seven rebounds before being ejected for the second - straight game . He got in a scuffle with Nene Hilario and once again let down his team with his immaturity . The Miami Heat are on deck , as the Rockets will host them on Tuesday in their next game .
The visiting Portland Trail_Blazers ( 25 - 27 ) made good on their trip to Toyota Center on Saturday evening as they defeated the Houston Rockets ( 27 - 26 ) 96 - 79 . This was a huge win for the Trail_Blazers , who came in sitting at ninth place , just 3 games behind the seventh place Rockets . The Blazers came in focused and dominated from the start . Once they took the lead with nine minutes to go in the first quarter they did not let go . Portland stretched it to a 32 - point lead by the five - minute mark of the third quarter and held strong as Houston battled back , bringing it as close as 11 points . This marks Portland 's sixth win in seven games . The Trail_Blazers turned the ball over 22 times and only shot 40 percent from the field but their 20 offensive rebounds and defense that forced 23 turnovers and held the Rockets to only 32 percent shooting , allowed them some breathing room . Damian Lillard led the team in scoring , with 21 points ( 7 - 20 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , along with 10 assists and four rebounds , in 36 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for Portland , including C.J. McCollum who finished with 16 , along with seven rebounds , four steals and two assists . Maurice Harkless chipped in 14 points , six rebounds and two steals , in 30 minutes . This win evened up the season series at 1 - 1 . James Harden did everything he could to avoid this result . He put up 33 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 15 - 18 FT ) , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals , in 35 minutes . Harden scored all but two of Houston 's 17 points in the third quarter as they began to battle back , but also tallied 10 turnovers in the blowout . The Rockets had a lot of trouble scoring the ball , such that only four players had scored points after three quarters . Dwight Howard was one of those four players , and finished with a solid 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 5 - 8 FT ) , 14 rebounds , four steals and two assists , in 40 minutes . No one else scored more than eight points for the Rockets , who shot 7 - 36 from deep as a team . The Rockets will begin a five - game road trip , which includes two visits to the Moda Center in Portland , with a match in Golden State on Monday . The Trail_Blazers will be in Memphis to face the Grizzlies on Tuesday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 50 - 9 ) became the second team in the NBA this season to reach 50 wins Saturday , defeating the Houston Rockets ( 29 - 30 ) 104 - 94 . Despite a close final score , San_Antonio had its way with Houston from the get - go , leading by as much as 31 at points in the game . The Spurs new duo of top scorers , Kawhi Leonard and LaMarcus Aldridge , paved the road to the win with 27 and 26 points respectively . Aldridge added 16 total rebounds in what was one of his best statistical performances of the night . Aging veteran Tim Duncan contributed an unfortunate box score of 6 points , 6 rebounds , and 6 assists , but provided playmaking that helped bolster the Spurs ' blowout win . The team remains second in the Western Conference behind the historic Golden State Warriors , despite still boasting a superior point differential and an undefeated home record . The Rockets are now in ninth place despite reaching the Western Conference Finals in 2014 - 15 . The team has hovered around .500 for the majority of the season , and dips back below the mark with the loss to their division rival . Shooting guard James Harden , who remains second in the league in points per game , led the effort against the Spurs with 27 points , but no other starter topped 11 . As a whole , the team shot a weak 42 percent from the field . The outcome also holds significance for the playoff picture as Houston 's loss makes the conference - leading Warriors the first team in the NBA to clinch playoff berth . San_Antonio has three days of rest before hosting the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday . Houston , meanwhile , will visit Milwaukee on Monday .
The Houston Rockets ( 30 - 31 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 23 - 36 ) 100 - 95 on Wednesday . Most would have anticipated a much higher - scoring game , but the shooting was dreadful between both teams . Houston actually had one of the worst shooting nights of the season in the NBA , as they went 3 - for - 34 from three - point range in the win . Both teams also shot under 70 percent from the free - throw line as well . The key for the Rockets was a 13 - 2 run to end the game that was led by James Harden . Another key was the rebounding , as they snatched down 51 rebounds to the Pelicans 43 boards . New_Orleans got back Anthony Davis after a two - game absence , but it didn’t help much . Davis finished the game with just 12 points and eight rebounds , while going just 5 - for - 13 from the field . Norris Cole led the team with 21 points and also added four rebounds and eight assists in a great performance . Six players scored in double - digits for the Pelicans , but the other four players combined for just four points . On deck for New_Orleans is a matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday . James Harden wasn’t going to let his team lose tonight and he put it all on the line . Harden accumulated 39 points , 12 rebounds , seven assists and four steals in an MVP-type performance . Patrick Beverley also played with a chip on his shoulder , as he tallied 15 points and nine rebounds in the victory . The only other player in double figures was Dwight Howard , as he totaled 16 points , nine rebounds , two steals and three blocks in the win . Houston wo n't play again until Saturday , when they take on the reeling Chicago Bulls .
The Houston Rockets ( 34 - 33 ) obliterated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 28 ) 130 - 81 on Monday . The talent on paper in this matchup was a huge discrepancy and that paper game played out on the floor . Houston won all four quarters by at least eight points and took a 41 - point lead into the fourth . Their defense was key for once , as they held Memphis to 30 percent shooting and forced them to commit 19 turnovers . The Rockets were lights out from long distance , as they finished the game going 16 - for - 33 in their win . The injuries are finally catching up to the Grizzlies and a game like this was expected at some point . They played this game without Mike Conley , Zach Randolph , Marc Gasol , Mario Chalmers and Lance Stephenson and that 's simply too hard to overcome . Alex Stepheson was signed to a 10 - day contract earlier in the week and was the only bright spot n this blowout , as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 15 - rebounds performance off the bench . Jarell Martin led the team with 17 points and also snatched down eight rebounds . Memphis will look to bounce back on Wednesday against the Minnesota Timberwolves . This type of win shows just how good the Rockets can be and this may be their final push at a playoff run . James Harden flirted with a triple - double in just three quarters of play , as he accumulated 15 points , seven rebounds and eight assists in the victory . Dwight Howard also played only three quarters and beasted down low , by finishing with seven points , 13 rebounds and five blocks in the win Donatas Montiejunas led the team with 18 points , which is a great sign coming off his recent injury . Up next for Houston is a matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 24 ) defeated the host Houston Rockets ( 34 - 34 ) 122 - 106 , Wednesday evening at Toyota Center . The Rockets came into this game winners of four of their last five games and half a game ahead of the eighth place Dallas Mavericks , while the Clippers came in losers of three of their last four , but just a few wins away from clinching a playoff spot . However , each team played as if they came in with the other 's streak , as the struggling Clippers trounced the cruising Rockets . The Clippers managed to pour in 72 first - half points , which is the most points the Rockets have given up in a first half all season . The Clippers started out shooting very well from deep , with 10 made three - pointers in the first half but cooled down in the second half , finishing the game 12 - 30 from long range . DeAndre Jordan was a monster inside as he tallied 23 points ( 8 - 8 FG , 7 - 13 FT ) , 16 rebounds , two blocked shots , one assist and one steal , as he completely shut - down his counterpart , Dwight Howard . J.J. Redick chipped in 25 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and three assists , in 32 minutes , while Chris Paul played the maestro , with 15 points , 16 assists , four rebounds and two steals , in 32 minutes . The Clippers shot an incredible 57 percent from the field , largely thanks to Chris Paul 's 16 assists , which accounted for more than half of the team 's 31 assists on the game . The Rockets trailed the whole length of the game , however they did mount a run in the last few minutes to cut a 21 - point deficit to an 11 - point deficit with four minutes left but could not finish the job down the stretch . James Harden led his team as he tallied 33 points ( 11 - 23 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , along with eight assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block , but also tallied eight turnovers , in 44 minutes . Michael Beasley had another strong game off the bench as he chipped in 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) , eight rebounds and one assist , in 19 minutes . Trevor Ariza also chipped in 16 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 4 FG ) , along with six rebounds and four assists , in 36 minutes . Houston had 16 turnovers on the game , while shooting a respectable 48 percent from the field . Next , the Rockets will host the Timberwolves on Friday . Meanwhile , Minnesota has won two of its last three games , with wins over OKC and Memphis , and will be no push over . The Clippers will play the third game of their current five - game road trip in Memphis on Saturday , in what could be a first round preview .
The Houston Rockets ( 35 - 34 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 22 - 47 ) 116 - 111 on Friday . The game was an entertaining offensive display that was befitting of both teams ' high - octane attacks . Both clubs managed to top the 50 percent mark from the field , and drained a total of 17 three - pointers between them . The two teams also saw all five members of their respective starting fives manage double - digit point totals , and the Rockets received another standout performance from reserve forward Michael Beasley , who 's proven to be a spectacular signing so far . In the end , it was another stat - sheet - stuffing effort from perennial All-Star James Harden that helped key the victory . Minnesota was led by a 32 - point effort from standout rookie Karl-Anthony Towns , who also tallied 11 rebounds , two steals , an assist and a block . Andrew Wiggins was next with 21 points , five assists , two rebounds and three steals . Ricky Rubio followed with 14 points , six assists , three rebounds and a block . Gorgui Dieng contributed 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . Shabazz Muhammad paced the reserves with 12 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They face off at home against the Golden State Warriors on Sunday afternoon . Harden paced the Rockets with 29 points , 14 assists , five rebounds and three steals , his 13th double - double of the campaign . He did , however , commit a team - high nine turnovers , giving him 17 over the past two games . Patrick Beverley was next in line with his own double - double , which consisted of 18 points , 10 assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block . Donatas Motiejunas bounced back from a scoreless performance on Wednesday versus the Clippers to post 17 points , nine rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Trevor Ariza was solid with 15 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal . Dwight Howard rounded things out for the starting five with a 10 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Beasley paced the bench with 17 points , six rebounds and a block . The Rockets remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Saturday .
The Utah Jazz ( 35 - 36 ) defeated the host Houston Rockets ( 35 - 37 ) 89 - 87 , Wednesday at Toyota Center . The Utah Jazz came into this game only a half - game behind the eighth - place Houston Rockets and with this win , overtake Houston for the eighth spot in the West . It was a hard - fought win for the Jazz , who had lost their last six games at the Toyota center . Utah trailed 49 - 34 at half - time but then went on a 39 - 24 run , which tied the game at 73 with 6:5 left in the fourth quarter . From there , the teams traded baskets down to the last possession . After a game - tying dunk by Dwight Howard , with 22 seconds left , the Jazz elected not to call time - out and continued play , which led to a game - winning dunk by Derrick Favors , with 2 seconds left . James Harden could not sink a last - second , three - point attempt , leading to Houston 's third loss in a row and Utah 's second win in a row . The Jazz have now won six of their last seven , while the Rockets have lost five of their last six , as they remain neck - and - neck in the battle for eighth . The season series is now tied at two wins each . Gordon Hayward led the Jazz in scoring , with 22 points , along with six rebounds , five assists and four steals , in 40 minutes . Derrick Favors notched a double - double , including 17 points and 15 rebounds , to go with four assists and three blocked shots , in 36 minutes . Shelvin Mack chipped in 16 points , while the only other player to score in double figures for Utah was Trevor Booker , who added 10 points , in 26 minutes off the bench . Utah had 23 turnovers and shot only 40 percent from the field , but still managed to grind out the win . James Harden gave the Rockets a big boost , with 26 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and eight steals , in 42 minutes . Trevor Ariza chipped in 14 points , while Michael Beasley , Corey Brewer and Clint Capela each added 10 points . No other players scored , assisted or rebounded in double figures for the Rockets , as they were lacking in this ugly , home loss . Next , the Rockets host the Raptors on Friday . The Jazz will head straight to Oklahoma City for a contest on Thursday . This will be the fourth game of a five - game road trip for the Jazz , during which they are now 2 - 1 .
The Houston Rockets ( 36 - 37 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 48 - 23 ) 112 - 109 on Friday . Houston entered the game fighting for a playoff spot and reeling after a heartbreaking , last - minute 89 - 87 loss on Wednesday to the Jazz . The defeat had been their fourth in the last five contests , and their prospects for turning things around Friday did n't look too bright considering a motivated Raptors squad was in town . Despite having clinched a playoff berth via a Bulls loss on Wednesday , Toronto continues to chase Cleveland for the top spot in the Eastern Conference . In a pivotal contest and facing a superior team , the Rockets naturally turned to their linchpin , James Harden . The perennial All-Star tallied an impressive triple - double , collecting 32 points , 13 assists , 11 rebounds , a steal and a block to key the Rockets ' attack . The Raptors saw all five starters post double - digit scoring , beginning with DeMar DeRozan , who tallied 18 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Luis Scola and Jonas Valanciunas were next with a pair of 16 - point efforts . The former added five rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter hauled in a massive 18 rebounds and added two assists , two steals and a block . A returning Kyle Lowry , who 'd rested on Wednesday in a loss to the Celtics , pitched in with 15 points , eight assists , two rebounds , a steal and a block . Norman Powell , getting the start at small forward for the ailing Terrence Ross ( hand ) , totaled 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Corey Joseph paced the reserves with 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . Toronto remains atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and is now 3 games behind the top - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers . They head to New Orleans for a Saturday night showdown with the Pelicans . Michael Beasley followed Harden 's game - high point total with a bench - leading 21 points . He added five rebounds , two blocks and a steal . Patrick Beverley registered 17 points , five assists , four rebounds and two blocks . Donatas Motiejunas was productive in his own right , supplying 11 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Rockets remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They now head to Indiana for an Easter Sunday showdown with the Pacers .
The Houston Rockets ( 38 - 39 ) kept their season alive on Sunday with a 118 - 110 upset win over the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 53 - 24 ) . All-Star James Harden led the game with 41 points and added nine assists . Harden 's scoring outburst came at just the right time for Houston , as the Rockets remain half a game out of the Western Conference playoffs . The team went on a massive 15 - 2 run in the fourth quarter , leading to a comeback over the powerhouse Thunder . Solid defense on OKC 's superstar duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook helped to get the job done , as the pair turned the ball over a combined 14 times . Also coming up big for the Rockets was bench big man Clint Capela , who delivered four huge blocks as well as a pair of steals . For the Thunder , Sunday marks the team 's 13th loss after leading headed into the fourth quarter , the most in the league . Turnovers seemed to be the death of the team on Sunday , as the ball was coughed up 19 times all in all . Despite the loss , point guard Russell Westbrook tallied his 51st double - double of the season and was just one assist shy of a league - leading 17th triple double . Elite scorer Kevin Durant also chipped in 33 points on the night . The Thunder will visit Denver on Tuesday , while the Rockets will visit rival Dallas on Wednesday .
Despite having lost their last seven games heading into Thursday 's matchup , the Phoenix Suns ( 21 - 58 ) dealt a potentially season - ending blow to the Houston Rockets ( 38 - 41 ) , winning 124 - 115 . Phoenix has slipped to the third - worst record in the league since injuries took star guards Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight out of the equation . In their stead , however , rookie sensation Devin Booker has emerged as one of the league 's rising stars . Booker followed a 34 - point outburst in Atlanta with 15 on Thursday , including a perfect 6 - for - 6 from the free - throw line . Booker was in no ways the main story for Phoenix , however , as forward P.J. Tucker delivered one of his strongest performances of the season . Tucker scored 24 points and pulled down a massive 12 rebounds while also dishing out five assists . Tucker played an integral role in the absolute obliteration of Houston on the glass , as the Suns held a 47 - 26 rebounding advantage . For the second unit , forward Mirza Teletovic led the way with an impressive 26 points on 10 - for - 20 shooting . Houston , meanwhile , was pegged as a contender heading into the season but quickly showed signs of a disappointing season . While Thursday was a typically impressive 30 - point , seven - assist night for James Harden , the Rockets simply could not get the job done in multiple areas . In addition to being brutally out - rebounded , Houston coughed up the ball 18 times in total . Meager 17 - for - 28 shooting from the free - throw line did n't help the team 's case . Houston now sits 2 games behind Utah for playoff berth with three games remaining . The Suns will visit the sliding Pelicans on Saturday . Houston will host the Lakers on Sunday .
The Houston Rockets ( 39 - 41 ) steamrolled the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 64 ) Sunday afternoon at Toyota Center , 130 - 110 . Houston knocked down 17 of their 41 three - point attempts ( 42 percent ) and recorded an absurdly efficient 60 effective field goal percentage as the Lakers defense put up no resistance . Four different Rockets hit at least three shots from downtown as Los_Angeles couldn’t run them off the three - point line . James Harden scored 40 points ( 14 - 31 FG , 6 - 14 3PT , 6 - 8 FT ) dished 13 assists and added four rebounds and four steals in an all - around dominant performance . Trevor Ariza ( 8 - 14 FG , 3 - 7 3PT ) and Patrick Beverley ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 3PT ) added 19 points apiece , and Jason Terry came off the bench to hit three shots from deep and add 11 points in just 20 minutes . The Rockets did whatever they wanted offensively , as they assisted on 30 of their 50 made field goals and committed just 13 turnovers . Kobe Bryant showed flashes of his old self as he scored 35 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 4 - 11 3PT , 11 - 11 FT ) , his second - highest output of the season . Bryant has just two games left in his final season . Jordan Clarkson added 21 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 3 - 8 3PT ) , but the next high scorer for Los_Angeles was Julius Randle with just 11 . The Lakers shot well , at 49 percent from the floor and 12 - 28 ( 43 percent ) from three - point land , but they committed 18 turnovers and allowed Houston to grab 16 offensive rebounds as the Rockets dominated every other facet of the game . The Rockets travel to Minnesota for their next game on Monday . The Lakers head to Oklahoma City for a Monday matchup against the Thunder .
The Houston Rockets ( 41 - 41 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 34 - 48 ) 116 - 81 on Wednesday . The Rockets came in to the game with a simple mission ; prevail over a significantly undermanned Kings squad and by doing so , clinch the final Western Conference playoff spot . The outcome was seemingly never in question , as Houston jumped out to a 34 - 18 lead after one quarter . The veteran trio of James Harden , Patrick Beverley and Dwight Howard stepped up when it mattered most , tallying 61 of the Rockets ' 116 points on the night . The victory allowed Houston to finish the season with three straight wins , even their record at .500 and most important , grab the eighth seed in the conference . Sacramento played without the resting DeMarcus Cousins , Rudy Gay and Rajon Rondo , so it was Ben McLemore who led the way with 24 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals . James Anderson was next with 13 points , five assists , four rebounds and three steals . Kosta Koufos turned in his second consecutive double - double , tallying 12 points , 11 rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Seth Curry pitched in with 10 points , six rebounds and five assists . Quincy Acy paced the reserves with 10 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . The Kings finish with a 33 - 49 record and third in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . The Rockets were spearheaded by Harden , who supplied 38 points , four rebounds and four assists . Howard was a distant second with 14 points , 10 rebounds and a block in just 25 minutes . Beverley stuffed the stat sheet with nine points , 12 assists , four rebounds and an outstanding six steals . K.J. McDaniels and Michael Beasley were both productive off the bench , with respective point totals of 11 and 10 points . McDaniels supplemented his scoring with four rebounds , while Beasley pitched in with five rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Houston finishes with a 41 - 41 record and in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 'll face off with the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the playoffs .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 1 - 1 ) used a big third - quarter run to turn Friday’s game against the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 2 ) into a laugher , claiming a 105 - 78 victory over the visitors . San_Antonio trailed by five after an uninspired first half , but the team came out of the break with some fire . Tony Parker was instrumental in turning the game into a runaway , scoring the first eight points of the third quarter to spark a 28 - 11 run that flipped a five - point deficit into a 12 - point lead heading into the fourth . The Spurs would continue their dominance over the final 12 minutes to easily dispatch the Nets , relying on a rather balanced scoring attack to accomplish that feat . All five starters had between eight and 16 points , while coach Gregg Popovich used eight bench players , who combined for an impressive 43 points . What began as an encouraging start for the Nets resulted in a second consecutive 15 - point loss , putting the team in an early hole to begin the season . Brook Lopez led the team with 17 points on a respectable 6 - for - 11 from the field , but his inability to make an impact on the glass ( three rebounds ) was true for the rest of his teammates . The Spurs outrebounded the Nets by a 56 - 32 count . On a more fortunate note for Brooklyn , starting point guard Jarrett Jack was able to return to the court after missing the season opener with a hamstring injury . He turned in a solid showing , scoring 12 points to go along with seven assists and six rebounds over 27 minutes . The Nets will continue their road trip with a visit to Memphis on Saturday , while the Spurs will get a day off before squaring off with the Celtics in Boston on Sunday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 7 - 2 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 10 ) 92 - 83 on Saturday . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case on Saturday . The Spurs dominated in nearly every category , as they recorded more rebounds , assists , blocks and steals than the Sixers . It was a relatively clean game played all - around though , as there were only 28 combined turnovers between both teams . It was a much closer game than expected and the credit has to go to this winless Sixers team to put in a strong effort night - after - night despite losing every single game . Luckily for Philadelphia , this will be the only time they 'll have to face the Spurs in San_Antonio this season . This was probably the best performance from the Sixers all year , despite in a losing effort . They not only shot better than the Spurs , but nearly split the turnover battle ( 15 - 13 ) . They were led once again by rookie Jahlil Okafor , who tallied 21 points and 12 rebounds in the loss . They also got some nice contributions off the bench , as all five players off the bench had at least five points and two rebounds . It 's a rough time in Philadelphia right now , but they have to look at performances like these as victories and take them with a grain of salt . They 'll look to build off this loss when they host the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . Coach Greg Popovich is probably not very happy with this performance , but he 'll take the win . The Spurs came in as 16 - point favorites and never really seemed close to covering that spread . San_Antonio was led by LaMarcus Aldridge , who tallied 17 points and 19 rebounds in his best game in a Spurs uniform . Tim Duncan recorded a season - high 15 points and blocked five shots as well in the victory . He has now matched or scored more in every preceding game this season and that 's likely a case of the 39 - year - old getting his legs underneath him . This is obviously a dangerous team and a disappointing win like this just shows how good they are . The Spurs next game will be on Monday against the Portland Trail Blazers ,
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 8 - 2 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 8 ) by a score of 93 - 80 on Monday night , handing them their sixth loss in a row . Meanwhile , the Spurs have now won five games in a row and are 40 at home . The Spurs had control for most of the game , holding a near 10 point cushion most of the way . Portland had an early lead and got close again in the fourth quarter but could not maintain anything consistent against the San_Antonio machine . The Blazers were led by their back court Damian Lillard and C.J. MacCollum , but did not get enough contribution from the rest of the squad to compete with the well rounded Spurs . Lillard had 27 points , six assists and seven rebounds and shot 10 - 21 from the field . MacCollum dropped 15 points on 6 - 14 shooting , he also had two assists , three rebounds and one steal in 33 minutes . The only other Blazer to score in double digits was Al-Farouq Aminu , who had a strong game with 17 points on 7 - 14 shooting , 3 - 5 from deep and four rebounds . The San_Antonio Spurs showed a balanced team effort as usual , with six players scoring in double digits . Notably , LaMarcus Aldridge was the only starter not to score in double digits for the Spurs , as he faced his former team . Kawhi Leonard was the high point man for the Spurs with 19 , he also added nine rebounds , three assits , two steals and two blocks , in 30 minutes . Tim Duncan had 10 points and nine rebounds in 28 minutes . Manu Ginobili dropped 17 points , along with four rebounds and three assists , in 22 minutes off the bench . Tony Parker went 4 - 9 from the field and finished with 10 points and seven assists . The Spurs will look to stay perfect at home as the Nuggets come to town on Wednesday . Next up for Portland will be a visit to Houston for a match on Wednesday , where they will look to break their current slide .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 9 - 2 ) defeated the visiting Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 6 ) 109 - 98 on Wednesday at AT & T Center . Tony Parker scored a season - high 25 points and Kawhi Leonard added 20 points as the Spurs won their sixth consecutive game . Parker was 9 of 14 from the field and 7 of 8 from the free - throw line . The Spurs led the throughout , shooting 49 percent from the field with 33 assists in a balanced offensive attack that was missing Manu Ginobili , who was out with bilateral hip tightness . Patty Mills , who was 3 of 6 from three - point range , scored a season - high 17 off the bench , while Tim Duncan ( 12 points and 11 rebounds ) and LaMarcus Aldridge added ( 11 points and 12 rebounds ) posted double - doubles . Duncan also had six blocks . Ginobili is expected to miss Friday 's game against the New Orleans Pelicans but could play Saturday against the Memphis Grizzlies . The Nuggets were led by rookie reserve Nikola Jokic , who totaled 23 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting from the field , including his first three - pointer of the season , and 12 rebounds . Kenneth Faried and Gary Harris each scored 15 for the Nuggets , who have lost two of their last three . Denver shot just 39 percent from the field .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 10 - 3 ) beat the Memphis Grizzlies ( 7 - 7 ) 92 - 82 on Saturday . The Grizzlies struggled to get offense out of their starting five , save for Mike Conley , who finished with 16 points , five rebounds and three assists , but the bench combo of Matt Barnes and Courtney Lee kept the game close . Barnes contributed 10 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Lee added 15 points and two steals . Zach Randolph ( coach decision ) did not play , and the Grizzlies team looked very different without their go - to power forward on the floor . Marc Gasol , fresh off a triple - double in his last performance , dealt with tough Spurs matchups all night long and only managed eight points and eight rebounds in 40 minutes . Kawhi Leonard continues to be the Spurs best player , as he finished with 19 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 3 - for - 6 shooting from the 3 - point line . Leonard buried the dagger 3 - pointer with 0:16 left in the 4th quarter , extending the Spurs lead to nine points . LaMarcus Aldridge ( ankle ) sat out , while Tim Duncan filled the void with 10 points and 10 rebounds in 36 minutes played . The Spurs shot 47 percent from the field as a unit and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich’s supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Spurs host the Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 5 ) on Monday , while the Grizzlies host the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 4 ) on Tuesday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 11 - 3 ) cruised to a win over the streaky Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 7 ) with a final score of 98 - 84 on Monday night . The Spurs had the lead after the first quarter and held on to it the rest of the way , as Phoenix 's young core was out - matched by the steady Spurs . Tony Parker was way too much for the Suns and he sliced and diced through their defense for 20 points on 10 - 13 shooting , as well as eight assists . Parker also nabbed three steals in 32 minutes . Kawhi Leonard led the Spurs in scoring with 24 points and had a double double with 13 rebounds ; he tallied four assists and four steals as well . Danny Green chipped in 18 points , six rebounds and four assists , going 4 - 9 from three point range . David West started his second game in a row , covering for LaMarcus Aldridge , who remains side - lined with an ankle sprain . The Spurs shot a strong 51 percent from the field and looked great as a team . Phoenix was missing half of their starting back court as Eric Bledsoe sat out with a sore knee . Brandon Knight did what he could with 18 points and eight assists in 38 minutes but tallied a dangerous eight turn overs against the solid Spurs defense . Markieff Morris had a huge game with 28 points on 12 - 15 shooting , including 2 - 3 from deep , eight rebounds and four assists . Morris also had a disturbing amount of turnovers with six . the Suns as a team finished with 28 turn overs . T.J. Warren finished with 16 points in 26 minutes off the bench . The rest of the team combined for only 22 points . Up next the Spurs will defend home on Wednesday versus state rivals and top Western team , Dallas . Phoenix will head home to host New Orleans on Wednesday . The Pelicans have been heating up and could surprise the Suns .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 12 - 3 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 7 ) 88 - 83 on Wednesday at the AT & T Center in San_Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 41 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks finished at 41 percent from the field and 27 percent from deep . While the majority of the outing had the two teams interlocked , the Spurs were able to secure a 52 - 46 rebounding advantage , which may have been just enough to pull out the victory . The Spurs leaned on Kawhi Leonard again in this one . He came in the clutch , scoring five of the Spurs ' final six points , all within the last minute of the fourth quarter . Including the final five , Leonard recorded a game - high of 26 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , while also adding eight rebounds , five assists and two steals . Despite being questionable coming into Wednesday 's contest , LaMarcus Aldridge still performed at a high level , scoring 18 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , to go along with seven rebounds and a blocked shot . Aldridge sat out the last two games with an ankle injury , so it was good to see the ninth - year forward finish the game without any setbacks . Tony Parker was the only other Spurs ' player in double figures , chipping in with 16 points on 7 - of - 11 shots from the field . He also added eight rebounds and eight assists , coming just shy of his first triple - double of the season . Parker is averaging 14 points , 5 assists and 2 rebounds on the year . Despite taking the loss , Dirk Nowitzki continued his strong play . He went 5 - for - 8 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 13 points , to go along with 14 rebounds and a pair of assists . At 37 years old , the 17 - year veteran out of Germany has already recorded three double - doubles on the season . Wesley Matthews was the only other starter to find some success for the Mavericks . He finished with a team - high of 15 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt ) , while also adding four rebounds over 36 minutes . Matthews has really struggled with his shot this season , averaging a career - low 35 percent from the field and just 33 percent from the three - point line , so after Wednesday 's outing , it appears he still has n't been able to make any noticeable improvements . Coming off the bench , Devin Harris posted 11 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and three rebounds before fouling out . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road in Denver against the Nuggets on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 14 - 3 ) obliterated the Atlanta Hawks ( 11 - 8 ) 108 - 88 on Saturday . The Spurs won the second quarter 31 - 12 and the game never got close after that . The final score is actually closer than the actual result , as the Spurs led by 30 points at times in the fourth quarter . Coach Gregg Popovich showed apprentice Mike Budenholzer why he is king and it was definitely a disappointing homecoming for Coach Bud . The difference in the game was as simple as shooting , as the Spurs shot 53 percent from long distance while the Hawks shot just 23 percent . San_Antonio was also nearly perfect from the charity stripe , going 19 - for - 20 while Atlanta went just 8 - for - 13 . The Hawks have not won in San_Antonio since 1997 and have now lost 18 - straight games there . This was one of the worst games that the Hawks have played all season . No starter scored more than 10 points and none of them had more than four assists . That 's extremely rare for a team like the Hawks and it 's a great indication of how dominant the Spurs were on Saturday . Eight players came off the bench for Atlanta , but nobody played spectacularly . This is just one of those games where the Hawks have to tip their cap to a better team and move on to the next game . Unfortunately for them , they have to play the equally potent Oklahoma City Thunder in their next game on Monday . The Spurs came into this game 80 at home with some dominant results and they left with an even better resume . San_Antonio dominated nearly every significant statistic and the result was decided well before the final whistle . Tim Duncan had a renaissance game of sorts , as he tallied 10 points , 17 rebounds and four assists in the victory . The Spurs are quietly having a great start to the season , but they 'll be happy to fly under - the - radar once again . San_Antonio will travel to take on the Chicago Bulls in their next scheduled game on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 14 - 4 ) blew by the Milwaukee Bucks ( 7 - 12 ) in a 95 - 70 romp Wednesday night at the AT & T Center . The Bucks trailed by 10 throughout much of the first half , but had trimmed the lead to six early in the third quarter . Then the Spurs blew it open , with a 17 - 3 run that spanned nearly six minutes of the third quarter . Five different players scored in the run for the Spurs ' balanced attack , and 12 of their 13 dressed players made at least one field goal . Tim Duncan 's 16 points and 10 rebounds both led the Spurs , as San_Antonio spread the ball around and assisted on 25 of 37 field goals . Kawhi Leonard added a quiet 13 points ( 3 - 12 shooting ) and four assists , and Patty Mills scored 13 ( 3 - 6 three - point shooting ) off the bench . The Spurs dominated the game on all fronts winning the shooting , rebounding , and turnover battles . Khris Middleton paced Bucks scorers with 16 points on a tidy 6 - 11 shooting , and Greg Monroe chipped in 14 points and seven rebounds . But young Bucks Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker never got it going , scoring seven points each and shooting a combined 3 - 15 . Michael Carter-Williams also could n't buy a bucket , as he shot just 2 - 10 , and the Bucks shot a brutal 34 percent as a team . The Bucks will look to turn it around Friday on the road against the Pistons . San_Antonio next plays Thursday night in Memphis .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 17 - 4 ) held off the Boston Celtics ( 11 - 9 ) 108 - 105 to keep their home court undefeated streak alive . The Spurs came into this game 100 at home with a dominating 17 - point differential average and they were fortunate to keep that streak alive here . This game came down to the wire , even though the Spurs led by 17 points late in the third quarter . San_Antonio outrebounded Boston 48 - 39 and outshot them 52 percent to 45 percent . Even though it goes down as a loss in the record book , this is a game the young Celtics can build off of . Boston came into this game as double - digit underdogs and nearly escaped with an impressive win . They were trailing big , but fought back to make it a two - point game with 10 seconds left . They couldn’t quite pull it off , but it was a great effort all - around . Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas , who tallied 23 points , eight assists and four rebounds in the loss . The team had four players score 16 or more points and that’s indicative of this teams nature , as they play team - ball in an individualized sport . The Celtics will look to rebound when they take on the disappointing New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . The Spurs did not have a single player who scored more than 17 points , but that 's not a huge surprise with this San_Antonio team . The bench was spectacular , as they combined for 54 points , 22 rebounds and 11 assists in the win . The high - scorer for the Spurs on this evening was LaMarcus Aldridge , who collected 17 points and eight rebounds . The Spurs are quietly putting together another fantastic start to the season and they are going to be tough to beat at home come playoff time . Up next for San_Antonio is the one - win Philadelphia 76ers on Monday , in what could very well be a lopsided game .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 19 - 5 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 20 ) by a score of 109 - 87 , Friday night in Texas . It was a two - point game at the end of the first half , with San_Antonio up 51 - 49 but the Spurs came into the second half on another level and out - scored the Lakers 58 - 38 , leading to the 22 point win . The Spurs shot an efficient 53 percent from the field , including 42 percent from deep . They did however struggle from the free - throw line , going only 15 - 25 . LaMarcus Aldridge led the San_Antonio in scoring and tallied a double - double with 24 points and 11 rebounds . Kawhi Leonard also recorded a double - double with 16 points and 11 rebounds , along with three steals , two assists and one block . Patty Mills played well in the absence of Tony Parker , who sat to rest . Mills finished with 22 points , three assists and three rebounds , in 21 minutes . Los_Angeles was led by rookie D'Angelo Russell , who finished with 24 points on 9 - 23 shooting , including 5 - 10 from deep . Russell also logged six assists , six rebounds and two steals . Lou Williams started at shooting guard and finished with 19 points on 7 - 12 shooting , along with three rebounds , two steals , one assist and one block , in 33 minutes . Kobe Bryant shot 5 - 12 on his way to 12 points , along with six rebounds and four assists , in 28 minutes . The Lakers will finish up an eight - game road trip with the second night of a back - to - back in Houston on Saturday . The Spurs will also be facing the second of a back - to - back as they play in Atlanta on Saturday night .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 21 - 5 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 10 - 13 ) Monday 118 - 81 at the AT & T Center in San_Antonio . This game was over from the start , as the Spurs opened up a 14 - point lead after the first quarter and continued to pile it on throughout the rest of the game . By the time the fourth period rolled around , San_Antonio had opened up a 40 - point lead . All 13 active Spurs played double - digit minutes in this game and each of them scored . They were once again led by Kawhi Leonard and LaMarcus Aldridge , who combined to score 40 points in just 49 minutes . In just 18 minutes , Tony Parker scored 18 points and dished out five assists , while Patty Mills and Matt Bonner scored 11 and 10 points respectively off the bench . It was a clinic for the Spurs , as they shot 56 percent from the field and 43 percent from behind the arc . For the Jazz , it was simply a struggle . Just three players managed to score in double figures , with Derek Favors leading the way with 16 points and just three rebounds in 24 minutes . Raul Neto scored 12 points in 21 minutes , while Trey Burke managed 10 points in 24 minutes off the bench . Starters Trey Lyles , Gordon Hayward and Rodney Hood combined to score just 10 total points . Up next , the Spurs will stay home Wednesday to play the Wizards , while the Jazz will head back home Wednesday to go up against the Pelicans .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 22 - 5 ) remained unbeaten at the AT & T Center with a 114 - 95 victory over the Washington Wizards ( 10 - 14 ) Wednesday night . The Spurs hit six of their eight three - point baskets in the second half , as they used a 31 - point third quarter to open the gap and run away from the Wizards . The Wizards led by as many as six in the first quarter , but went dreadfully cold , as they finished 3 - 15 ( 20 percent ) from three - point land and 35 - 84 ( 42 percent ) shooting overall . Forward Kawhi Leonard continues to show an improved all - around offensive game , as he poured in 27 points on a slick 9 - 15 shooting , including four three - pointers . Tony Parker finished with a 10 - point , 10 - assist double - double . In the resting Tim Duncan 's absence , Manu Ginobili ( 11 points , eight assists in 18 minutes ) and Boban Marjanovic ( seven points , six rebounds two blocks in 15 minutes ) both stepped up with efficient performances as the Spurs shot 53 percent from the floor . The Wizards offense stalled out despite 20 point games from both Marcin Gortat ( 9 - 15 shooting ) and John Wall ( 6 - 18 shooting ) . Both finished with double - doubles , as Gortat nabbed 10 rebounds ( and three blocks ) and Wall dished out 11 assists ( despite five turnovers ) . Kelly Oubre Jr. was a bright spot off the bench , as he scored a quick 18 points in 25 minutes , but the Wizards just could n't overcome their cold shoooting . Washington has lost four of their last five and will look to turn things around with their next contest at home Saturday against Charlotte . The Spurs are now on a four - game winning streak and have won eight of nine . They 'll look to keep their undefeated home record going Friday against the Clippers .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 23 - 5 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 11 ) 115 - 107 on Friday . In a battle of Western Conference hopefuls , this was a beautiful game at times and an ugly game at others . Both teams fought throughout and played some great offense , but the hack - a - Jordan strategy ruined it 's luster at times . The strategy worked though , as it ruined the Clippers momentum in the fourth quarter en route to a 5 - for - 18 , 19 - point quarter . The Spurs started the fourth on an 110 run and that proved to be the difference . The Clippers have nothing to be disappointed about , as they played a great game against an elite defense . They did fall just short , but a game like this can give them some momentum going forward . All the Clippers stars played well , as Blake Griffin and Chris Paul combined for 52 points and 10 assists . DeAndre Jordan put in a 16 point - 17 rebound game , but did shoot 8 - for - 20 from the free - throw line , thanks to the hack - a - Jordan strategy . Putting up 107 points against this defense is an impressive feat though , win or loss . The Clippers will play the Houston Rockets in their next game on Saturday in a playoff revenge game . The Spurs are now 150 at home and playing some of the best basketball in the NBA . Their defense has been carrying them this season , but it was subpar tonight . They did turn on the defense in the fourth quarter though and that 's when it truly matters . The three - point shooting was spectacular for San_Antonio tonight , as they went 10 - for - 19 from long distance . LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games in a silver uniform , as he tallied 26 points and 13 rebounds in the win . The Spurs will look to keep up that home - streak when they host the Indiana Pacers on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 24 - 5 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 11 ) Monday 106 - 92 at the AT & T Center in San_Antonio . The Spurs continued their dominance at home , extending their home record this season to 160 . The Pacers hung with San_Antonio in the first half , but the home team proved to be too much for the visitors in the second 24 minutes , outscoring Indiana by 12 points . The Spurs were led once again by Kawhi Leonard , who finished with a game - high 24 points , six rebounds , five assists and three steals in 35 minutes . Tony Parker and LaMarcus Aldridge added 15 and 10 points respectively , while Boris Diaw and Patty Mills came off the bench to record 14 and 10 points respectively . The team’s efficient play continues to doom their opponents , as they recorded 27 assists to just nine turnovers on the night . The Pacers left a lot to be desired from their starting lineup , as George Hill ( 15 ) was the lone starter who managed to reach double figure scoring , while Monta Ellis and Paul George combined to shoot just 4 - of - 24 from the field and score 13 points . The team’s bench gave it a fighting chance , but ultimately it was not enough , as Jordan Hill scored 15 points in 25 minutes off the bench , while Rodney Stuckey scored a game - high 16 points in 27 minutes . Up next , the Spurs will travel to Minnesota Wednesday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Pacers will head home Wednesday to play the Kings .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 26 - 6 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 18 ) 101 - 86 on Saturday . The Spurs were able to bounce back from a tough Christmas Day loss to the Houston Rockets with an efficient performance . San_Antonio was able to rest veterans Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobli and still come away with a relatively comfortable win , in large part due to the contributions of a pair of their top free - agent acquisitions . Former Pacers forward David West showed exactly why he was brought to the Spurs by filling in admirably for Duncan , tallying 10 points , six assists , four rebounds , four blocks and a steal . His outstanding defense helped to stymie Denver down low , and LaMarcus Aldridge helped to complete that equation with a productive night of his own . The former Portland standout came within a rebound of a double - double , posting 12 points , nine boards and three blocks . Denver was once again playing without starters Emmanuel Mudiay and Danilo Gallinari , and replacements Jameer Nelson ( four points ) and Kostas Papanikolaou ( two points ) particularly underwhelmed . Only one starter was able to post double - digit scoring , and only a 10 - point total at that , courtesy of Gary Harris . Joffrey Lauvergne and Kenneth Faried were next in line with nine and eight points , respectively , but a major chunk of Denver 's offense came from the bench . Will Barton made his typically solid contributions , managing 16 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal , while Nikola Jokic posted his second - best scoring total of the season with 22 points . The center also added seven rebounds , five assists , a block and a steal over an outstanding 26 minutes of action . It was notably Jokic 's fourth straight double - digit scoring game , and it will be interesting to see how coach Mike Malone will structure his playing time rotation in the frontcourt upon the return of Jusuf Nurkic from injury . The Nuggets fell to 12 - 18 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Oklahoma City for a Sunday showdown with the Thunder . In addition to West 's and Aldridge 's strong outings , San_Antonio was unsurprisingly led in scoring by Kawhi Leonard , who managed 20 points and added five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Tony Parker poured in 13 points , while adding four assists , four rebounds and a pair of steals . Veteran Boris Diaw , receiving some extra run due to Duncan 's rest day , equaled season highs in both minutes ( 25 ) and points ( 16 ) to pace the San_Antonio reserves . The Spurs improved to 26 - 6 and sit atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They remain home to face Minnesota on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 31 - 7 ) destroyed the Utah Jazz ( 15 - 19 ) 123 - 98 to continue their torrid run at home on Wednesday night . The Spurs came into this game as one of the biggest favorites of the year and actually covered their ginormous spread . The amazing part is that they still dominated without Tony Parker and LaMarcus Aldridge in the lineup , simply to rest their studs . The offense was incredibly efficient tonight , as they shot 61 percent and recorded 34 assists as a team . The bench was huge for San_Antonio as well , as they had five bench players score in double - figures . The Spurs won every single quarter in the game and it was well in hand from start to finish . The Jazz have really been struggling recently and they were walking into a buzz saw here . This game was decided early , as no starter played more than 28 minutes to spare some minutes for a game on Thursday . Trey Burke was the only bright spot , as he tallied 21 points and four assists off the bench . Gordon Hayward also played well against some Kawhi Leonard defense , as he amassed 18 points , four rebounds and four assists . Utah has been living off their defense , but this is just one of those games you have to tip your cap to the better team . It 's a good thing the starters got some rest as their next game is on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back against the Houston Rockets . The Spurs just continue their ridiculous form at home , as they are now 210 at AT & T Center . The defense has been dominating all season , but the offense was on display here . They now rank in the top - five in offensive and defensive efficiency and this looks like one of few teams in the league who can compete with the Golden State Warriors . Tim Duncan had a renaissance game here , as he collected 18 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the win . David West turned back the clock as well in a rare start , as he double - doubled in an impressive performance . The scary thing is that the Spurs dominated here without an All-Star point guard and an All-Star power forward . They 'll loo to extend their home winning streak to 31 games on Friday against the New York Knicks .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 32 - 6 ) advanced to 220 at home on the season with a 100 - 99 win over the New_York Knicks ( 18 - 20 ) . Rising superstar Kawhi Leonard continued his dominance , posting a team - high 19 points and 12 rebounds while playing lockdown defense on Knicks star Carmelo Anthony . Offseason addition LaMarcus Aldridge complimented Leonard 's strong performance with one of his own , delivering 16 points and nine rebounds . The narrow win marked perhaps the team 's biggest scare at home on the season , but ultimately they were able to defeat the middling Knicks . The story of the game for New_York was rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis , who impressed with a game - high 28 points and 11 rebounds . The Latvian forward has silenced critics and established himself as a Rookie of the Year contender early this season , posting averages of 13 points , 8 rebounds , and 2 blocks per game . Superstar Carmelo Anthony , meanwhlie , struggled against reigning Defensive Player of the Year Kawhi Leonard , shooting just 5 - for - 15 on the night . New_York is now two games below .500 and sits at fourth in the Atlantic Division . New_York will hope to bounce back as they take on the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday . The Spurs , meanwhile , will take on the struggling Nets in Brooklyn on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 35 - 6 ) held on to win in a potential NBA Finals preview matchup against the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 27 - 10 ) Thursday night at AT & T Center , 99 - 95 . After a tight third quarter , Cleveland led 73 - 72 , but the Spurs raced out to a 15 - 4 run to open the final period and took an 87 - 77 lead that would prove too much for the Cavaliers to overcome . The Spurs dominated inside , pulling down 11 offensive rebounds and shooting a sharp 50 percent on two - point shots . Tony Parker led all scorers with 24 points as he looks as fresh as he has all season . After scoring 31 in Wednesday 's contest against Detroit , Parker now has two consecutive games of 20 points or more for the first time all season . Parker was supported by yet another sharp game from Kawhi Leonard , who recorded a double - double with 20 points and 10 rebounds and added five assists plus strong defense against Cavaliers star LeBron James . James topped the Cavaliers with 22 points and five assists , but it was n't enough overcome San_Antonio 's efficient attack . The Cavaliers got two double - doubles from their big men , Tristan Thompson ( 18 points and 14 rebounds ) and Kevin Love ( 10 points and 12 rebounds ) , but Cleveland 's bench added just 12 points , pale in comparison to the 35 San_Antonio got from its reserves . Cleveland had an eight - game winning streak snap and continue their Texas road trip Friday in Houston . The Spurs will try to stay unbeaten at home Sunday against Dallas .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 36 - 6 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 23 - 19 ) 112 - 83 on Sunday . San_Antonio has been flying slightly under the radar all season due to the remarkable success of the Golden State Warriors in their very same conference . However , the gap between the two teams continues to close , with the Warriors beginning to amass a few losses and the Spurs upping their already impressive level of play even further . With Sunday 's dominating win , San_Antonio is now 240 at home , and have a franchise - record 11 victories by a margin of 25 points or greater . They suffocated Dallas over the last three quarters , outscoring them by a margin of 98 - 67 over that span . Additionally , they held the visitors to a mediocre 36 shooting percentage from the field , and an abysmal 26 percent from beyond the arc . Tellingly , the high score for Dallas on the night was a modest 15 points , and came from a bench player , Dwight Powell . The reserve forward added a pair of rebounds and a block to his stat line . Wesley Matthews paced the starters with 12 points , and supplemented it with a rebound and an assist . Deron Williams produced eight points , five rebounds and three assists . Chandler Parsons and Zaza Pachulia could only contribute a pair of five - point efforts , with the former also hauling in four boards , an assist and a pair of steals , and the latter pitching in with seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Dirk Nowitzki rounded out a forgettable night for the starting five with his worst performance of the season , a four - point , five - rebound , three - assist effort that featured a 2 - for - 10 tally from the floor . The Mavericks fell to 23 - 19 and are currently tied for second place with Memphis in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They remain home to face the Boston Celtics on Monday . San_Antonio was led by LaMarcus Aldridge 's 23 points , which he complemented with seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Kawhi Leonard was next in line with 15 points , four rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . With the comfortable lead , the rest of the starters were able to play an abbreviated amount of minutes . However , Tony Parker did n't exit the game by choice , as lingering hip soreness sent him to the bench after 25 minutes on the court . The veteran point guard managed only two points , but did dish out seven assists , five rebounds and two steals during his time on the floor . Boris Diaw paced the Spurs bench with 16 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal over a highly efficient 16 minutes . Rookie shooting guard Jonathon Simmons was also impressive in a reserve role , tallying 14 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal over 15 minutes . The Spurs improved to 36 - 6 and remain atop the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They are off until Thursday , when they square off against the Suns in Phoenix .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 40 - 8 ) took care of business against the Orlando Magic ( 21 - 26 ) in a 107 - 92 win on Monday . The Spurs came into this game as a 15 - point favorite and did exactly what they were expected to do . San_Antonio outscored Orlando by 21in the first and fourth quarters and that was ultimately the difference in the game . The Magic actually dominated the rebounding , but were outshot 51 percent to 41 percent in the loss . San_Antonio recorded 27 assists on their 40 made buckets in the victory as well . Orlando has broken an eight - game losing streak in their most recent win , but this was a tough task against the Spurs . The offense really struggled , as they barely cracked 40 percent shooting and committed 16 turnovers in the loss . Nikola Vucevic had a nice game though , as he tallied 20 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Aaron Gordon has taken over the starting power forward duties recently and he showed why on Monday , as he scored 12 points and snatched down 16 rebounds in 31 minutes of play . Victor Oladipo was also extremely active , as he tallied 19 points , seven assists and five steals in the defeat . Up next for the Magic is a date with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday . The Spurs got a ton of production from their bench in this matchup , as most starters barely played half the game . The bench scored 56 points in all with Patty Mills dropping 22 points , four rebounds and five assists in a great performance . LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games as a Spur too , as he scored 28 points and swatted away five shots in the win . This took San_Antonio to a 260 record at home this season and they 'll look to keep that going on Wednesday against the New Orleans Pelicans in their next game .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 51 - 9 ) defeated the visiting Detroit Pistons ( 31 - 30 ) 97 - 81 , Wednesday night at AT & T Center . With this win the Spurs have clinched a post - season berth for the 19th season in a row , tying the Boston Celtics franchise ( 1951 - 1969 ) for the fourth longest streak of its kind . This also marks the earliest point in any of the previous 19 seasons that the Spurs have clinched . Meanwhile , the Pistons came in a formidable foe , as winners of four straight , but were held to 39 percent shooting from the field by the renowned Spurs defense . The Spurs have now won six straight and are a remarkable 290 at home this season . Dating back to last season the Spurs have won 38 in a row at home , which ties yet another Celtics record ( 1985 , '86 ) for third most consecutive home victories . Kawhi Leonard led San_Antonio in scoring , totaling 27 points ( 13 - 22 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt ) , along with six rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 36 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge followed up with a double - double , including 23 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 10 rebounds , in 35 minutes . The only others to score double digits for the Spurs were Tim Duncan , who had 12 and Tony Parker with 10 , however the bench kept up defensively and helped get the job done . Andre Miller made his debut with the squad after being signed last Monday . Miller played seven minutes , with two assists and zero turnovers . The Spurs shot a solid 51 percent from the field , showing they can do more than just defend . Detroit had its promising four - game win streak halted by the Spurs and remains amidst a heated battle for eighth in the East . Newest member of the Pistons , Tobias Harris racked up 16 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes , while Marcus Morris added another 16 , in 32 minutes . Andre Drummond hauled in 14 boards , along with nine points , while Reggie Jackson was relatively quiet , finishing with 11 points , three rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . The Pistons missed 10 free throws and turned the ball over 16 times as they were stifled in San_Antonio . Next , the Pistons will enter New York to face - off against the Knicks on Saturday . The Spurs head straight to New Orleans for the second of a back - to - back , Thursday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 56 - 10 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City ( 44 - 22 ) Thunder 93 - 85 on Saturday . In a battle between two potent offenses , the defenses were on display . San_Antonio absolutely stifled the Thunder , as they held them to 38 percent shooting from the field and 11 percent shooting from long distance . The three - point shooting was ugly all - around though , as the Spurs went 4 - for - 24 , while the Thunder went 2 - for - 18 . San_Antonio also forced Oklahoma_City to commit 19 turnovers , while they committed just 11 of their own . Oklahoma_City played well in the first half , but scored just 36 points in an ugly second half . The stars did play well though , as Kevin Durant accumulated 28 points , eight assists and four rebounds . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , but still finished with 19 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Enes Kanter was great off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 11 - point , 17 - rebound performance . Oklahoma_City has now lost eight of their last 12 games . Up next for the Thunder is a matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . San_Antonio did what they do best , as they used their elite defense to carry them to a big win . Kawhi Leonard was spectacular , as he totaled 26 points , seven rebounds and three steals while covering Durant . LaMarcus Aldridge also played well , as he scored 24 points and grabbed nine rebounds in the win . This now gives San_Antonio 41 - straight wins in their home building . On deck for the Spurs is a matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 57 - 10 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 42 - 24 ) 108 - 87 on Tuesday . This was a close game throughout , until the fourth quarter . The Spurs bench came in and ran away with the win en route to a 37 - point fourth quarter . They also held the Clippers to just 17 points in that 12 - minute stretch . The rebounding differential was huge , with San_Antonio grabbing 42 rebounds to the Clippers 27 . Los_Angeles did a good job of hanging around , but their weak bench really hurt them down the stretch . Four starters scored at least 14 points , but no bench player scored more than seven . Chris Paul was great though , as he tallied 22 points , eight assists , four rebounds and three steals in the loss . DeAndre Jordan grabbed over half of the teams rebounds , as he snatched 14 rebounds to go along with 16 points . The Clippers will look to play better on Wednesday against the Houston Rockets . No player scored more than 20 for the Spurs , but they put in yet another great team - performance to win a big game . Kawhi Leonard was that leading scorer , as he totaled 20 points , five rebounds , four assists and three steals in the win . Patty Mills was a huge spark off the bench , as he amassed 15 points , five rebounds and six assists . San_Antonio will look to keep their undefeated home streak alive on Thursday against the Portland Trail Blazers .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 59 - 10 ) defeated the Golden_State Warriors ( 62 - 7 ) 87 - 79 on Saturday . In one of the showcase games of the season , the teams didn’t let up one bit . San_Antonio showed what makes them so great , as they dominated defensively against the most potent offense in the NBA , holding them to a season - low 79 points . In fact , they held the Warriors to 14 points in the fourth and under 20 points in three separate quarters . The Warriors were also held below 38 percent shooting for the first time all year . The rebounding was key as well , as they Spurs brought down 53 boards to the Warriors 37 . Golden_State has been throttling teams , but this was easily their worst offensive performance of the year . No player scored more than 15 points and no player recorded double - digits in rebounds or assists . Steph Curry had a nightmare shooting night , as he went 1 - for - 12 from three - point range and 4 - for - 18 from the field . Klay Thompson also struggled , as he went 1 - for - 7 from long distance , but scored a team - high 15 points . Draymond Green flirted with a triple - double once again , as he accumulated 11 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . Golden_State will look to bounce back on Monday against the Minnesota Timberwolves in their next game . This extended the Spurs home winning streak to 44 games and it may have been the most impressive win in that span . LaMarcus Aldridge was huge , as he amassed 26 points and 13 rebounds . Kawhi Leonard was also majestic , as he tallied 18 points , 14 rebounds and four assists in the win . Boris Diaw started for Tim Duncan to match the Warriors small - ball and collected 14 points and eight rebounds in a quality performance and brilliant decision from Gregg Popovich . On deck for San_Antonio is a matchup against the scorching hot Charlotte Hornets on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 60 - 11 ) remained undefeated at home as they steamrolled the Miami Heat ( 41 - 30 ) Wednesday night at AT & T Center , 112 - 88 . After taking a nine - point lead into halftime , the Spurs ran away with this game in the third quarter . Leading 61 - 53 just under three minutes into the third , San_Antonio went on a 26 - 4 run to remove any doubt from this one . Miami trailed by at least 20 for the entirety of the final quarter . Kawhi Leonard was limited to 24 minutes as he was removed with a thigh contusion late in the game , but he still poured in a game - high 32 points ( 12 - 21 FG , 3 - 7 3PT , 5 - 7 FT ) and grabbed eight rebounds anyway . Boban Marjanovic earned some rare minutes and thrived , as he scored an absurdly efficient 19 points in just 13 minutes on 9 - 12 shooting . The Spurs bench got plenty of run in this one , and Kevin Martin was the only other Spur to reach double figures , as he scored 12 points ( 3 - 5 FG , 2 - 2 3PT , 4 - 4 FT ) in 15 minutes of action . Miami similiarly leaned heavily on its bench after the game got out of hand . Dwyane Wade was the only Miami starter in double figures with 16 points ( 8 - 13 FG ) . Hassan Whiteside notched a double - double off the bench with 12 points and 14 rebounds , and Josh Richardson scored 17 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 3PT ) and added four assists and three steals . The Heat shot 7 - 14 ( 50 percent ) from three - point land , but that was n't enough to slow down the Spurs , who did Miami one better from deep ( 8 - 14 , 57 percent ) and shot a robust 52 percent from the field . The Heat return home to host the Magic on Friday . The Spurs continue their homestand with a Friday matchup against the Grizzlies .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 61 - 11 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 32 ) 110 - 104 on Friday . San_Antonio 's defense was lacking for the first three quarters , but they really turned it on in the fourth . In fact , they held the Grizzlies to just 20 points on 35 percent shooting over the final 12 minutes . The Spurs offense was incredibly efficient , as they shot 57 percent from the field and recorded 25 assists on 44 made baskets . Memphis played this game extremely shorthanded and nearly pulled out a miraculous win . Zach Randolph , Mike Conley and Marc Gasol all missed this game and that 's been the Grizzlies season in a nutshell . JaMychal Green led the team with 20 points , while also providing three assists . Lance Stephenson played well off the bench , as he tallied 17 points , three assists and three steals in the loss . Unfortunately for the Grizzlies , their next game is also against the Spurs on Monday . San_Antonio didn’t play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . LaMarcus Aldridge was a beast , as he tallied 32 points , 12 rebounds and three blocks in the win . Tim Duncan turned back the clock , as he accumulated 12 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Kevin Martin got his first start for San_Antonio , as he scored 13 points filling in for Danny Green . The Spurs next game will be on Saturday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 63 - 12 ) defeated the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 27 - 47 ) on Wednesday at AT & T Center , 100 - 92 , setting an NBA record for most consecutive home wins to start a season with 38 . The Spurs passed the 1995 - 96 Chicago Bulls , who won 37 consecutive at home . The Spurs were missing David West and Andre Miller , while the majority of the squad suited up to host the injury - riddled Pelicans . It became a closer game than expected as the Pelicans got within six points , with 50 seconds left , but the Spurs held on to make history . Manu Ginobili shot very well as he led the Spurs in scoring , with 20 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 5 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 1FT ) , along with three steals , two assists and one rebound , in 24 minutes off the bench . Kawhi Leonard added 16 points , six rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocked shots , in 22 minutes , while Danny Green added 16 points of his own , along with four rebounds , two blocked shots and one assist , in only 17 minutes . The Spurs went deep into their bench as 13 players logged more than five minutes , while the starters minutes were limited . Along with their NBA record - setting home winning streak , the Spurs have won four of their last five and their last two in a row . Despite an incredible amount of injuries , seemingly to all their top players , the Pelicans had seven players score in double digits , as they put up a valiant effort at the AT & T Center . Alexis Ajinca was the high - point man for New_Orleans , finishing with 18 points , along with nine rebounds and one steal , in 32 minutes . Jordan Hamilton added 14 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal , while James Ennis chipped in 13 points , five rebounds and four assists , in 24 minutes off the bench . Despite a few new faces and the absence of their leading playmakers , the Pelicans were gelling as they registered 27 assists on 36 field goals . The Pelicans will be right back in action as they host the Nuggets on Thursday night . The Spurs have some time to rest as they host the Raptors on Saturday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 64 - 12 ) set a franchise record for wins in a season on Saturday , beating the Toronto Raptors ( 51 - 25 ) 102 - 95 . With the win , San_Antonio remains undefeated at home , needing just two more wins to become the first team in NBA history without a homecourt loss . Emerging star Kawhi Leonard hit a new career high on Saturday , scoring 33 points to lead the team . Leonard complemented the scoring outburst with a career - high seven assists and an impressive three steals on the defensive end . Equally impressive was teammate LaMarcus Aldridge , who dropped in 31 points and pulled down 15 rebounds as well . With the win , San_Antonio 's home win streak extends to 48 , the longest active streak and the second - longest of all time behind the recently - ended mark of 54 games from the Golden State Warriors . Toronto only narrowly missed the chance to keep the Spurs from making history despite sitting All-Stars Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan . With the duo resting , rookie Norman Powell slid into the starting five and delivered an impressive 17 points . The team as a whole shot a whopping 50 percent of the field , making it look easy against the stingy San_Antonio D. Toronto , too , has eclipsed a franchise - best win total , and is still in contention for the first seed in the Eastern Conference . The Raptors will host the Hornets on Tuesday , while San_Antonio will visit the Jazz in Utah .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 72 - 9 ) defeated the host San_Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 15 ) on Sunday , 92 - 86 , tying the 1995 - 96 Chicago Bulls for the NBA single - season record for wins at 72 . The Warriors have one game remaining , against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday , to pass the Bulls and set the all - time mark . Golden_State set another NBA record with its 34th road win of the season , while spoiling San_Antonio 's bid to become the first team in league history to finish a season perfect at home . The Warriors also ended a 33 - game losing streak at San_Antonio , where they had not won since 1997 . Stephen Curry led the way for the Warriors by pouring in 37 points ( 13 - 22 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , along with five assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes . Only two other players scored more than nine points for the Warriors , including Klay Thompson who chipped in 17 points and Draymond Green who added 11 . The Warriors shot 44 percent from the field , while they managed to hold the Spurs to only 38 percent shooting . The Spurs struggled shooting the ball in this one , with the exception of LaMarcus Aldridge and Kawhi Leonard , who were the only players to score more than nine points for the Spurs . Aldridge finished with a team - high 24 points , along with 10 rebounds , in 33 minutes . Leonard also had a double - double , with 20 points and 13 rebounds , along with five assists , three blocked shots and two steals , in 39 minutes . No other player took more than eight shot attempts for the Spurs , who were out - played by a very determined Golden_State squad . The Spurs wrap up their regular season Tuesday against the visiting Oklahoma City Thunder .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 66 - 15 ) defeated the visiting Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 55 - 27 ) in overtime Tuesday , 102 - 98 , to finish the season 40 - 1 at home . The Spurs tied the 1985 - 86 Boston Celtics for the best home record in a season in NBA history . The San_Antonio defense was the difference , as it held Oklahoma_City to 40 percent shooting and forced 21 turnovers . The Spurs outscored the Thunder by 12 points in the second half to escape with their win . With the three seed in the West already in hand , Oklahoma_City rested Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook . Enes Kanter led the team with 17 points and 16 rebounds off the bench . Cameron Payne got a rare start and scored a career - high 17 points , while dishing out seven assists . Dion Waiters shot poorly , but finished with 17 points , five rebounds and four assists . The problem was that Payne and Waiters combined to shoot 13 - for - 32 and committed 10 turnovers in the defeat . Kawhi Leonard was the player of the game , as he amassed 26 points , five rebounds and five assists . Tony Parker scored 20 of his own , while also snatching three steals . LaMarcus Aldridge had just eight points and five rebounds before re - injuring his finger in the second quarter . San_Antonio 's season finale is Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Phoenix Suns ( 1 - 1 ) took care of the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 1 - 1 ) in a 110 - 92 win in Phoenix on Friday . The Suns and Trail_Blazers played the first half of a home - and - home against one another on Friday night , and the Suns looked like the much better squad . Phoenix had four players score 13 or more points in this game and it was a major bounce back after being blown out in their home opener against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday . The Blazers were outrebounded 54 - 43 in this game and just couldn’t keep the Suns off the free - throw line . Portland committed 33 fouls and allowed 42 attempts from the charity stripe . The Trail_Blazers had four starters score at least 15 points , but got only 21 combined points from the other eight players . They were led by Damian Lillard , who totaled 24 points , six assists , and seven turnovers in the loss . Phenom C.J. McCollum couldn’t quite live up to his 37 - point outing in the opener , as he shot just 7 - for - 22 in his 16 - point game on Friday night . There 's a lot on these two guards ' shoulders this season , and it remains to be seen if they can hold that much weight for the full 82 - game schedule . This was Portland 's first game of a back - to - back set against these same Suns , but the Blazers will be the hosts Saturday . The Suns had a nightmare home opener on Wednesday against the Mavericks as they lost 111 - 95 , but they bounced back nicely here in a dominant win . They had major contributions from Eric Bledsoe , Markieff Morris , Tyson Chandler , Brandon Knight , and T.J. Warren in this game , as they all scored at least 13 points . What was most impressive was the defense , as the starters combined for nine steals and five blocks in the blowout victory . After Chandler and Morris combined for just seven points and seven rebounds in the opener , they played with some pride here , putting up 28 points and 21 rebounds between them . Warren collected 17 points and six rebounds in his 22 minutes off the bench and he 's looking like a true breakout candidate this season . The Suns will look to duplicate this performance on Saturday when they travel to Portland to conclude this home - and - home set .
The Phoenix Suns ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 1 - 4 ) Wednesday by a score of 118 - 97 at the Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns maintained control of the game from the opening tip , outscoring the Kings 28 - 18 in the first quarter and never looking back . The effort was led by Eric Bledsoe , who stuffed the stat sheet on his way to a game - high 19 points ( 8 - 19 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , eight assists , six rebounds , and four steals in 33 minutes . His running mate in the backcourt Brandon Knight wasn’t too far behind , accumulating 17 points and seven assists in 33 minutes of his own . As a team , the Suns maintained a scorching - hot shooting effort throughout the night , hitting on 54 percent of their attempts from the field and an incredible 61 percent from behind the arc . Sacramento was unable to be as effective on offense , as their starters combined to score just 46 out of the team 's 97 points . Their bench was forced picked up the slack , led by backup center Kosta Koufos , who saw added minutes with DeMarcus Cousins ( Achilles ) sidelined . Koufos scored 16 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting and grabbed seven rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench . Marco Belinelli and James Anderson added 15 points of their own , while Darren Collison racked up 13 points and six assists in 32 minutes . Up next , the Suns will stay at home Friday to take on the Pistons , while the Kings will head home Friday and go up against the Rockets .
The Detroit Pistons ( 4 - 1 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 3 - 3 ) 100 - 92 on Friday . In a battle of the Morris twins , Detroit and Marcus Morris ended up the victor , though brother Markieff performed admirably for Phoenix . Usually the better free - throw shooting team comes away with the win , but Detroit somehow prevailed while shooting just 50 percent from the charity stripe , lowlighted by a 2 - for - 11 effort from big man Andre Drummond . It very well may have been a case of how many times each team got to the free - throw line , as Detroit took 36 free - throws compared to Phoenix 's 13 attempts . The Pistons continued their fantastic form Friday and look like a major threat to make the playoffs for the first time since 2008 - 9 . The success this season has to be attributed to Andre Drummond and Reggie Jackson . Drummond put together a 12 - point , 17 - rebound performance in the win , which actually brought down his season average to around 19 rebounds a game . Reggie Jackson put together an all - around fantastic line as well , as he tallied 22 points , seven assists and six rebounds in the victory . Marcus Morris tallied 18 points and six rebounds . If these three continue to play at this level , they are a serious threat in the Eastern Conference this season . Detroit 's next game comes on Sunday in Portland against the surprising Trail Blazers . The Suns fell down by seven in a 14 - point first quarter , and they simply couldn’t bounce back after that . Phoenix was once again led by its guards , Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight , who totaled a combined 44 points , seven assists , and four steals in the loss . Markieff Morris matched his brother 's scoring total by amassing 18 points and four rebounds in the defeat . The last two losses for Phoenix have been against the Los Angeles Clippers and Detroit Pistons , and that may be due to the fact that those teams have two of the best rim protectors in the NBA . Phoenix will be in for another tough game on Sunday when they have to travel to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder and their own dominant shot blocker in Serge Ibaka .
The Phoenix Suns ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 5 - 5 ) 105 - 81 on Saturday night . The Denver Nuggets struggled shooting in Saturday night’s loss , as the team finished 35 percent from the field and 17 percent from the 3 - point line . Rookie point guard Emmanuel Mudiay finished with 13 points , five rebounds and one assist , to go along with three turnovers , a major improvement from his nine turnover outing against Houston on Friday night . The Nuggets received their most efficient performance from Will Barton , who contributed 19 points , 12 rebounds and four assists on 8 - for - 16 shooting . Randy Foye was the only other Nugget in double figures , but continued the poor shooting trend , as he finished with 10 points on 5 - for - 14 shooting ( 0 - 4 from 3 - point range ) , to along with 3 rebounds in 22:42 off the bench . Eric Bledsoe put on a show at the Talking Stick Resort Arena and led all scorers in the win , finishing with 30 points , seven rebounds and four assists . While Denver had some tough luck driving the ball to the rim , Bledsoe showed elegant touch and finished 11 - for - 16 from the field . The Suns were without starting forward Markieff Morris ( knee ) , but it had no negative affect the team , as the Suns took a massive 32 point lead into the half . Tyson Chandler , Archie Goodwin , Brandon Knight and Mirza Teletovic also scored in double figures , as the team shot 44 percent from the floor . Denver will look to bounce back when they visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 8 ) on Tuesday , while the Suns host the Los Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 8 ) on Monday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 6 - 4 ) out - lasted the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 9 ) leading to a 120 - 101 win for the Suns . What began as a close game , with the Lakers leading a few times in the first three quarters , turned out to be a blow - out as Phoenix blew up for a 40 point fourth quarter . The Phoenix Suns are showing themselves to be a high - octane team capable of blowing by opponents with vicious runs . This win marked their third win in a row by double digits . The combo of Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe has led Phoenix 's high scoring offense so far and were at it again Monday night as they combined for 51 points . Knight had a fanstastic game , posting a triple - double with 30 points , 15 assists and 10 rebounds , he also had four steals . Bledsoe shot a solid 8 - 16 totalling 21 points , three assists and two steals . Five other players scored in double digits for the Suns , including T.J. Warren , who had 19 points on 9 - 13 shooting . Alex Len shot 4 - 7 and finished with 10 points , six rebounds in 25 minutes off the bench . Kobe Bryant sat this one out for the Lakers with a sore back and legs . His team showed a good effort , with six players scoring double digits , however they only managed a poor 12 assists on 37 made field goals . Jordan Clarkson continued his impressive play as he scored 20 points on 6 - 12 shooting . Roy Hibbert played well , shooting 6 - 9 and finishing with 14 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Lou Williams was his usual self , scoring 16 points on 6 - 12 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench . Rookie and starting point guard D'Angelo Russell put in 13 points , four rebounds and two assists in 27 minutes . The Lakers will now head home for a three day break before they face the Toronto Raptors on Friday at the Staples center . The Suns will be hosting Chicago on Wednesday , in what should be an excellent match up .
The Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 3 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 6 - 5 ) 103 - 97 thanks to the Butler hitting some big shots . It 's rare to see a team lose a turnover battle 19 - 12 and win a game , but that 's just what the Bulls did on Wednesday . Chicago shot just shy of 50 percent from the field while Phoenix shot just above 40 percent . The three - point shooting was the big difference though , as the Bulls went 9 - for - 19 while the Suns went 8 - for - 27 . Jimmy Butler was the hero in this game though , as he scored 14 points in the final 12 minutes . The Bulls played this game without an ailing Derrick Rose and didn’t miss a beat . They went with a Kirk Hinrich-Aaron Brooks committee and that worked out well for Chicago as they combined for 26 points and 11 assists in the win . Butler was the star of the show though , as he tallied 32 points and six rebounds in the victory while playing a Tom Thibodeau-like 43 minutes . Brooks did end up leaving this game with a hamstring injury and they ca n't afford to lose any more guards at this point . Chicago’s next game should be a fun one , as they travel to Golden State to take on the undefeated Warriors on Friday . The Suns were down big early in this game and showed some perseverance to make it a close game at the end . It was the frontcourt once again that let down Phoenix , as Markieff Morris and Tyson Chandler combined for just 12 points in the loss . This is a trend that is becoming all too common for the Suns and they simply need more from these two , especially against teams like the Bulls . Brandon Knight led the team in scoring with 23 points , while Eric Bledsoe and P.J. Tucker each pitched in 20 - plus points of their own . This snapped a three - game winning streak for the Suns and they 'll look to start a new one on Friday against the Denver Nuggets .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 11 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 8 ) 120 - 114 on Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . The Suns came out strong , out - scoring the Pelicans 39 - 25 in the first quarter . The Pelicans were able to fight back , though , and secure the six - point victory , giving them their third straight win . After starting the sesason 1 - 12 , the Pelicans look as if they 've found some momentum and are finally back on the right track . The Pelicans shot an impressive 52 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 46 percent from the floor and 38 percent from beyond the arc . Anthony Davis has been the biggest factor in turning around the Pelicans ' awful start to the season . He scored 26 points ( 11 - 14 FG , 4 - 6 ) Wednesday , while also adding 17 rebounds and two blocked shots . In his first three games since returning from a shoulder injury , Davis has dominated his way to averages of 26 points , 18 rebounds and 3 blocks over that stretch . Davis was n't alone in having a big day , as Eric Gordon posted a strong showing as well . In 35 minutes , Gordon went 6 - of - 11 from the field and 4 - of - 9 from the three - point line to score 23 points . The seventh - year guard out of Indiana is now averaging 19 points , 3 rebounds and 3 assists on the season . The Pelicans also had a huge bench performance Wednesday as both Ryan Anderson and Ish Smith combined for 40 points . Anderson finished with 20 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and six rebounds , while Smith added 20 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) and 11 assists . Anderson has scored 20 or more points in five straight games now , as he continues to provide an important spark off the bench . Brandon Knight did everything he could to keep the Suns in this game . Knight went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from beyond the arc to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding 10 assists and four steals over 42 minutes . The four steals matched a season - high for the guard , while the 10 assists gave him his second double - double of the season . Eric Bledsoe has been dealing with some soreness in his knee and had to sit out of Monday 's game against the Spurs . He returned to the court Wednesday , though , and successfully made his way to 18 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , seven assists and two blocked shots . He 's now averaging 23 points , 4 rebounds and 6 assists on the season . Jon Leuer had one of the better games of his career in the loss off the bench . He chipped in with 20 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and 12 rebounds , both of which were season - highs for the forward out of Wisconsin . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Friday , while the Pelicans will travel to Los Angeles to play the Clippers on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 170 ) shot the lights out against the Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 9 ) , defeating them 135 - 116 on Friday . There are some nights when a team just ca n't miss and that becomes even scarier when it 's the Warriors . Golden_State went an incredible 22 - 38 from three - point range and shot 57 percent from the field in this game . They also outrebounded the Suns 53 - 30 and it was a mismatch on all cylinders . That now give Golden_State 17 straight wins and it 's an incredible thing to watch at this point . Some experts thought this would be the game the Warriors historic streak would end , but they are eating their words now . Golden_State simply shot the Suns out of the building and ended this contest well before the final whistle . The Warriors won the first quarter 44 - 27 and never looked back after that . Steph Curry had another ridiculous game , as he tallied 41 points , eight assists and six rebounds in just three quarters of play . He also went 9 - for - 16 from long distance and was embarrassing Phoenix players all night long . Draymond Green also recorded a triple - double in the game and he 's been one of the unheralded hero 's of this undefeated team . Luckily , the starters got quite a bit of rest here , as they 'll have to play on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back against the Sacramento Kings . The Suns actually played well offensively in this game , but you ca n't allow 135 points and win . Phoenix shot a robust 49 percent , but could n't stop this potent offense a lick . That 's been the problem all season for the Suns , as they rank in the bottom - five in points allowed . Much of that can be credited to their ridiculously high - pace , but they need to play some defense to win . T.J. Warren was a major bright spot off the bench though , as he amassed a career - high 28 points , six rebounds and two assists in the loss . This was a tough game for Phoenix , but it 's one of those that you can just simply tip your cap and move on . They 'll look to bounce - back against the Toronto Raptors on Sunday in their next scheduled game .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 10 - 14 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 14 ) on Friday night by a score of 106 - 96 , in Phoenix . It was a close game the whole way but a strong fourth quarter by Portland in which the Blazers out - scored the Suns 28 - 14 was the difference maker . Both teams have been led their back courts this season and due to an unusually poor shooting performance from Brandon Knight , the Blazers tandem easily had the advantage in this match - up . Phoenix has been struggling as of late , although they won their last two games previous to this one , they are still 3 - 7 in their last 10 . This was a tough loss for the Suns especially as it led to Portland now being tied with them in the standings . Brandon Knight had an anomalous game , shooting an unexplainable 0 - 12 from the field but recorded 10 assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 32 minutes . Eric Bledsoe was on track with 31 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals . Jon Leuer chipped in 13 points on 6 - 8 shooting and eight rebounds in 27 minutes . Tyson Chandler remained out with a hamstring strain . The Trail_Blazers were led by the scorching C.J. McCollum , who finished with 26 points on 10 - 15 shooting , along with four assists and two rebounds . Damian Lillard shot only 8 - 21 but one of those was a three - pointer late in the game for the dagger . He finished with 18 points , seven assists and five rebounds , in 35 minutes . Al-Farouq Aminu recorded a solid double - double consisting of 13 points and 13 rebounds , along with three steals , one assist and one block , in 30 minutes . Next up for Portland is the second night of a back - to - back as they return home to host New York Knicks on Saturday . Phoenix will have a day off before hosting the Timberwolves on Sunday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 16 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 7 - 19 ) 104 - 88 on Friday in a game with very little energy . This was the case of two teams going through the motions and playing with very little energy . It 's unclear if it was the team 's lack of success or whether you could hear a pin drop in the stadium , but there was just no energy in the arena . The shooting really killed the Pelicans , as they went just 4 - for - 22 from three - point range . In what was anticipated to be a high - scoring game , the two teams really struggled on both ends . Phoenix took a 28 - 17 lead in the first quarter and it wasn’t really a game after that . The Pelicans are hard to watch right now . Their defense is one of the worst in the NBA and their offense had no rhythm tonight . They shot just 36 percent from the field and 18 percent from long distance . When the offense is playing like this with how bad their defense is , it 's nearly impossible for the Pelicans to win . New_Orleans ' best player on the night was Anthony Davis , who collected 16 points and 12 rebounds . Eric Gordon shot the team out of the game , as he was just 2 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 19 from three - point range in the loss . The bench is major strength for this team , but they accumulated just 36 points on the evening , which included some garbage time scoring . They 'll look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday in their next game . The Suns shot 52 percent in the game and took advantage of a bad defense . They continued to get in the paint all night and scored 52 points in the paint . Eric Bledsoe has another great game , as he tallied 29 points , nine assists , five rebounds and two steals in the win . Alex Len also played well off the bench , as he amassed 19 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . What Phoenix will like most about this win is the defense , as they have been terrible defensively all season . The Suns will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday in their next matchup .
The shorthanded Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 17 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 19 ) 104 - 96 on Wednesday . This was a bizarre game , but Denver took a 33 - 21 lead in the first quarter and never looked back after that . The free - throw shooting was pathetic from both teams , as Denver went 6 - for - 13 , while the Suns went 11 - for - 17 . This was Denver 's third time winning the second half of a back - to - back this season and that 's a good sign of resiliency for this young team . That snapped a three - game losing streak for Denver , which is a great sign with Oklahoma City , San Antonio and Cleveland next on the schedule . The Nuggets training staff is one of the busiest in the NBA right now and it 's amazing they pulled off a win here . They were missing Danilo Gallinari , Wilson Chandler , Jusuf Nurkic , Emmanuel Mudiay and Jameer Nelson in this game , yet still pulled it out . They went with an eight - man rotation and Randy Foye played one of the games of his career . Foye scored a season - high 31 points and dished out six assists . The bench was spectacular as well , as Will Barton , Nikola Jokic and Darrell Arthur combined for 49 points , 28 rebounds , 10 assists , three steals and two blocks in the victory . Those were the only three players to come off the bench and it was a hell of a coaching job by Mike Malone to manage everyones minutes . Denver 's next game will be a tough one though , as they take on a San Antonio Spurs who are undefeated at home this season . The Suns came into this game as nearly a double - digit favorite , but let down big time here . They let a shorthanded Nuggets team run them up and down the floor and they simply didn’t put in enough effort to win . Brandon Knight played well though , as he scored a team - high 21 points and handed out 10 assists . Ronnie Price also scored a career - high 20 points off the bench and was one of the only Suns playing good defense . This is a concerning loss for Phoenix and it says more about them than it does the Nuggets . Phoenix has a great chance to win in their next game though , as they host the one - win Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday .
The Philadephia 76ers ( 2 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 20 ) 111 - 104 on Saturday . Philadelphia pulled off the shocking road upset with the help of an early exit from Suns offensive linchpin Eric Bledsoe , who suffered a sprained knee in the second quarter . However , it was their impressively fast start that set the tone , with the Sixers racing out to a 29 - 15 first quarter lead . Ironically , the visitor 's starting lineup was markedly different on a couple of fronts from the one that has significantly struggled throughout the campaign , and the new blood and musical chairs may have provided a boost . Rookie standout Jahlil Okafor was forced to miss the contest with a knee injury , pressing Nerlens Noel into service at the five . Meanwhile , Ish Smith made his return to Philadelphia , and the starting lineup for that matter , after being traded on Christmas Eve from New Orleans to the team he spent part of the 2014 - 15 season with . His inclusion into the starting five shifted Isaiah Canaan over to the two - guard spot , while Noel 's move to center brought Jerami Grant off the bench to start at power forward . It also provided veteran Carl Landry with an opportunity for expanded minutes in his reserve role . The changes were largely positive , and resulted in a rare victory for the worst team in the league . Canaan led the scoring with 22 points , and he added four rebounds , three assists , and a steal . Smith displayed some of the same scoring punch he 'd flashed with the Pelicans earlier in the season , managing 14 points and adding five assists , two rebounds , a steal and a block . Noel came through with an impressive double - double , tallying 14 points , hauling in 11 boards , and adding three steals and a pair of blocks . Landry pitched in with 16 points , eight rebounds and a steal over a highly efficient 23 minutes , in only his second game of the campaign after offseason wrist surgery delayed his debut . Even former starter Nik Stauskas got in on the fun , pacing the Philadelphia bench with 17 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists . The Sixers improved to 2 - 30 but remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They now head to Utah to play the Jazz on Monday . The Suns only got eight minutes , four points and two rebounds out of Bledsoe before his injury , which will be the subject of an MRI in the coming days . Bledsoe 's backcourt mate Brandon Knight attempted to pick up some of the slack but was inefficient in doing so , sinking only seven of his 23 shot attempts . He did add seven assists , three rebounds and three steals . Jon Leuer came within a rebound of a double - double , tallying 14 points and nine boards , while P.J. Tucker returned to the starting lineup with a 10 - point effort . 2015 first - round pick Devin Booker received extended opportunity off the bench due to Bledsoe 's injury and contributed 19 points , the second - best scoring total of his brief career . Tyson Chandler joined him as the other double - digit scoring reserve , impressively amassing a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double in just 15 minutes of court time . The Suns fell to 12 - 20 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They remain home for a Monday showdown with the reigning Eastern Conference champion Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 20 - 9 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 21 ) Monday 101 - 97 at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Phoenix . Even as the Suns go through coaching changes and mid - season struggles , they still put up a good fight against one of the NBA’s best teams . However , despite a late rally in the fourth quarter , they were unable to top the East-leading Cavaliers . Kyrie Irving was limited in his time on the floor , but still managed to score a team - high 22 points in just 24 minutes . J.R. Smith added 17 points , while Kevin Love recorded 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists in 25 minutes . LeBron James shot just 4 - of - 10 from the field , and finished with 14 points and seven assists in 35 minutes . The team relied heavily on their three - point shooting , as 41 of their 71 shots were from behind the arc , and they finished with a respectable 42 percent shooting from there . T.J. Warren continued his impressive sophomore campaign for the Suns in Monday’s losing effort , as he finished with a game - high 23 points and five rebounds off the bench in 27 minutes off the bench . However , it was the starters that did most of the damage for the team , as four of the five in the starting lineup finished in double figures . Brandon Knight led the way , scoring 18 points as a starter with Eric Bledsoe out , while Jon Leuer and and P.J. Tucker each scored 14 points . Up next , the Cavaliers will head to Denver Tuesday to take on the Nuggets , while the Suns will head to San Antonio Wednesday to play the Spurs .
The Miami Heat ( 22 - 14 ) defeated the host Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 26 ) 103 - 95 on Friday night . It was a back and forth game with 16 lead changes . Phoenix was up 87 - 83 with 5:45 left in the fourth but Miami battled back thanks to some clutch shooting by Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh . Miami has now won its last 11 games against Phoenix . Dwyane Wade was on fire in this one . He led the Heat with 27 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 9 - 10 FT ) , two assists , two rebounds and two blocked shots , in 33 minutes . Goran Dragic showed well against his old team , finishing with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , seven assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 36 minutes . Gerald Green gave Miami a huge spark in 34 minutes off the bench , with 21 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , four rebounds and three assists . Brandon Knight led the Suns in scoring , with 26 points ( 11 - 24 FG . 1 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , along with four rebounds and four assists , in 36 minutes . Rookie Devin Booker had a decent game starting at shooting guard . He finished with 16 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds and two assists , while matched up against one of the position 's masters , Dwyane Wade . No one else scored in double digits for the Suns , who have had trouble filling the offensive void left by Eric Bledsoe . Bledsoe is out recovering from knee surgery . The Suns have been slipping and are 1 - 9 in their last 10 games . The Suns will have a couple days off before embarking on a three - game road trip , which begins in Indiana on Tuesday . The Heat will move on to Utah for the second game of their current six - game road trip , on Saturday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 37 - 6 ) took care of business against the Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 31 ) on Thursday in a 117 - 89 win . This was a mismatch of epic proportions on paper and that ended up proving to be the case on the court . Not only have the Suns been the worst team in basketball over the last month , they have a myriad of injuries that left them with a no - name lineup on Thursday . San_Antonio did what they do best here and stifled the Suns en route to an easy win . They held Phoenix to just 40 percent shooting and nearly doubled them in the turnover margin . The Spurs were unconscious from long distance tonight as well , as they went 9 - for - 14 in the game from three - point range . The San_Antonio bench has been the best in the league all season and they were huge again here , as they outscored the Suns bench 66 - 24 . The Spurs came into this game with an 11 - game winning streak and left with a simple win against a beleaguered Suns team . They were able to rest Tony Parker and Tim Duncan here and still took care of business thanks to a great team effort . An incredible 12 players scored at least five points tonight with Kawhi Leonard leading the bunch with 21 points of his own . Boban Marjanovic also had his best game of his young career , as he contributed 17 points and 13 rebounds in the victory . This marks San_Antonio 's fifth wire - to - wire win of the season as well , which is a great feat on its own . The Spurs get another easy matchup on Friday in their next game , when they take on the Los Angeles Lakers in the back end of a back - to - back set . It 's tough for Phoenix to win any game right now , but for them to beat the Spurs with no healthy bodies is just a cruel task . The Suns were without Eric Bledsoe , Brandon Knight , Markieff Morris , Mirza Teletovic and Jon Leuer for this game and lost P.J. Tucker in the first quarter to an injury . That 's just impossible to overcome , as the five starters tonight combined for 35 points per game for the season between all of them . Devin Booker has been the one bright spot in a dark season and he had another good game here , as he tallied 24 points and five assists in the loss . Alex Len also had a good game , as he totaled 13 points , eight rebounds and four assists in his first start in weeks . T.J. Warren has been the Suns best scorer at times this year and he gave the team a nice boost here with 18 points off the bench . Tyson Chandler has been a disappointment this season , but he snatched down 20 rebounds in one of his best games of the year . Up next for Phoenix is the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 31 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 19 ) 98 - 95 on Saturday night . This was expected to be a high - scoring game , but the two offenses really struggled with both rosters being extremely shorthanded . That doesn’t mean it wasn’t a good game though , as the action in the closing minutes was just fantastic . Archie Goodwin was the hero , as he hit the game - winning three with less than a second to go . What won the game for the Suns was the rebounding though , as they snatched down 52 boards to the Hawks 43 . Both teams shot 40 percent from the field and took a combined 58 three - pointers . Atlanta actually came into this game as a double - digit favorite , so it ended up being quite the upset . The Atlanta Hawks had to play this game without Paul Millsap and it 's obvious with this result how important he is to this team . Atlanta struggled mightily on the offensive end of the floor , as the post players for the Suns dominated this game . Kent Bazemore kept his team in it with some huge shots late and finished with 21 points and six rebounds . Al Horford had a nice all - around game as well , as he tallied nine points , 16 rebounds , five assists and two blocks in the defeat . Dennis Schroder once again played down the stretch and scored 16 points with Jeff Teague 's continuing to struggle . The Hawks will look to play better in their next game on Monday against the Denver Nuggets . The Suns played with some fire here for the first time in quite a while and the future is bright even though the present is dark . This was only their second win in their last 16 games , and it was easily their best defensive performance . Tyson Chandler was just a monster down low , as he snatched 17 rebounds in the first half alone . Chandler finished the game with 13 points , 27 rebounds and five assists in a spectacular performance . All the starters played well here , as all five players scored in double - figures and combined for 84 points . Archie Goodwin led the team with 24 points and has been filling in brilliantly for Brandon Knight , who is dealing with an abductor strain . Alex Len was a beast down low as well , as he amassed 16 points , 12 rebounds and five assists . Phoenix will look to build on this win when they take on the Philadelphia 76ers in their next game on Tuesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 33 - 16 ) handed the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 36 ) a 104 - 97 loss in the Suns ' first game since firing coach Jeff Hornacek . The Raptors have been among the NBA 's hottest teams since the turn of the new year . On Monday , Toronto saw a season - high 11 - game win streak finally come to a close with a loss to Denver . The disappointment seemed not to carry into Tuesday , however , as the Raptors dealt a loss to the struggling Suns . Toronto 's All-Star backcourt - mates Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan shared Eastern Conference Player of the Month honors for January , as the duo helped lead the team to within three games of the Cavaliers for control of the East . Unsurprisingly , the tandem posted the Raptors ' two highest scoring totals on Tuesday , with Lowry going for 26 and DeRozan scoring 22 . It was an overall strong offensive showing for the Raps , as the team shot a combined 48 percent and turned the ball over just 12 times . Phoenix , meanwhile , has been in a tailspin since losing point guard Eric Bledsoe to a torn meniscus . The team has won just two of their last 22 games , and will now face the challenge of finding a new coach in addition to righting their sinking ship . One bright spot , however , has been rookie standout Devin Booker . The former Kentucky Wildcat exploded for 27 points on Tuesday , including six makes from beyond the arc . Booker has assumed heavy minutes and a starting role due to the absences of Bledsoe and injured shooting guard Brandon Knight . Phoenix will host Houston on Thursday . Toronto will also face off Thursday , traveling to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers .
The Utah Jazz ( 25 - 25 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 38 ) 98 - 89 at Talking Stick Arena on Saturday . The Suns overcame a double digit deficit to pull the game within striking distance in the fourth quarter after a pair of free throws and a three - point bucket from Markieff Morris had Phoenix down nine points , but Rudy Gobert was rock solid from the free throw line , draining six straight to aid the Jazz in what could have been a tight game down the stretch . Devin Booker put the nail in the coffin after dunking home the last needed basket with just over :30 remaining . The Jazz were led by both Rodney Hood and Gordon Hayward , who combined for 47 points 16 - of - 35 shooting . Hayward added six rebounds , three assists and two blocks to round out the box score , while Hood pitched in four boards and three baskets from behind the arc . Rudy Gobert did the majority of his damage from the charity stripe down the stretch and finished with 13 points , 13 rebounds and four blocks on 9 - of - 12 free throw shooting in 34 minutes . Derrick Favors and Raul Neto each finished in double figures to round out an all around strong performance from the Utah starters . The bench was stretched a bit thin as Trey Burke ( illness ) did not play and Trey Lyles only saw five minutes of court time . The Jazz will visit the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 25 ) on Tuesday . The Suns were handed their seventh straight loss and continue to look sloppy on both ends of the floor . With Brandon Knight ( groin ) sidelined , Phoenix turned to Archie Goodwin and Devin Booker to lead the backcourt , but neither player has Knight’s impact and that was evident in Saturday’s matchup . Booker pitched in 18 points and Goodwin scored 14 , but they combined for a lowly four assists , as the frontcourt was unable to finish at the rim . Markieff Morris was given a volume shooting role , but was inefficient throughout the game , scoring 17 points on 22 shots , to go along with seven rebounds and eight assists . The Suns will look to bounce back when they host the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 38 - 14 ) on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 48 - 4 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 40 ) 112 - 104 at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Wednesday . The Warriors extended their NBA best record and will enter all star weekend with the greatest start of all time , passing the Chicago Bulls historic 1995 - 96 season . Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson put on a show from the backcourt , as both shooters eclipsed 20 - plus points and sank five three - pointers each . Curry led all scorers with 26 points , to go along with nine rebounds and nine assists on 9 - of - 17 shooting in 30 minutes . The reigning MVP flashed brilliant court vision and ball handling , causing mayhem and mismatches for the Suns throughout the contest . The Suns kept the game within striking distance midway through the second quarter , but Golden_State ripped off a double figure scoring run to end the half up by 14 points . Klay Thompson was on the receiving end on most of Curry’s assists through the night , scoring 24 points , alongside three boards and one dime on 8 - of - 20 shooting . The scoring outburst from the backcourt was needed to make up for the weaker showing from the remaining three starters , as Draymond Green , Andrew Bogut and Harrison Barnes combined for 21 points on 6 - of - 18 shooting . Once again , the second unit comprised of Andre Iguodala , Leandro Barbosa , Marreese Speights and Shaun Livingston all saw 15 - plus minutes of game time . The Warriors will pick up after all - star weekend with a lengthy road trip starting against the Portland Trail Blazers ( 26 - 27 ) on Friday , February 19 . The Suns were shorthanded and injury riddled heading into Wednesday’s game , and to say they were overmatched is an understatement . Now owners of a nine game losing streak , Phoenix looked frustrated on the sideline , as Markieff Morris shoved Archie Goodwin in the huddle during the second quarter . With Brandon Knight ( groin ) sidelined until after the all - star break , the Suns turned to Goodwin and Devin Booker to run the floor . Booker finished with 15 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists in a strong performance from the rookie . P.J. Tucker was the lone starter to not finish in double figures , but is also the lone option to guard the wings , which has been one of Golden_State’s many strong suits . Archie Goodwin led all Suns scorers with 20 points , while veteran Tyson Chandler finished with 13 points and 10 rebounds to mark his ninth double - double of the season . The Suns will look forward to Knight’s needed return and host the Houston Rockets ( 27 - 27 ) on Friday , February 19 .
The Houston Rockets ( 28 - 28 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 41 ) 116 - 100 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Houston shot 47 percent from the field , while Phoenix shot just 37 percent . The rebounding was a huge difference . As the Rockets stanched down 51 rebounds to the Suns 40 . Houston 's starters outscored the Suns starters 88 to 47 as well . Houston had lost three - straight coming into the game , so this matchup with the Suns was a much needed gift . James Harden was once again the catalyst , as he finished with 27 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists in the win . Trevor Ariza totaled 25 points , six rebounds and five steals in a defensive showcase . Patrick Beverley also played well , chipping in 18 points and six rebounds of his own . Houston will have a few days off until they play the Utah Jazz on Tuesday in their next game . This marked the Suns 10th straight loss and their 25th loss in their last 27 games . The leading scorer was Mirza Teletovic , who scored 25 points off the bench , while also grabbing eight rebounds . No starter scored more than 10 points aside from Jon Leuer in the loss and no starter came close to reaching double figures in rebounds or assists . Kris Humphries did make his debut with his new team and double - doubled off the bench . Tyson Chandler had to leave this game early with a shoulder injury and that 's the last thing this team can afford right now . Phoenix’s next game will be even tougher , as they host the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 44 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 34 - 24 ) 111 - 106 on Saturday . Not many people would have expected a Suns win in this game , but they got off to a hot start and held off the Grizzlies for a much needed victory . Phoenix led 25 - 17 after the first quarter and proceeded to carry a double - digit lead into the fourth quarter . Despite the Grizzlies making a furious run , the Suns held them off in the final seconds . The key for Phoenix was their big men , as they outrebounded Memphis 55 to 35 . Memphis came into this matchup winning four of their last five and really should have made it five of six . They lost to a Suns team that is really struggling and were simply outhustled all evening long . Mike Conley and Zach Randolph tied the team lead with 19 points in the loss , despite the two combining to go 12 - for - 31 from the field . The ball movement and rebounding was terrible , as the team combined for just seven assists outside of Conley 's eight and were nearly doubled up on the boards . Memphis will look to play better on Monday when they face the Denver Nuggets in their next game . The Suns had lost 28 of their last 30 , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Alex Len was fantastic , as he scored 22 points , while snatching down 16 rebounds in the win . P.J. Tucker flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 17 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists in one of the best games of his career . The Suns wo n't play again until Tuesday , when they take on the Charlotte Hornets on the road .
The New_York Knicks ( 27 - 39 ) steamrolled the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 47 ) Wednesday night at Talking Stick Resort Arena , 128 - 97 . The Knicks opened with a 15 - 4 run and imposed their will from the start , as they led by double digits for the entirety of the final three quarters . Their lead swelled to 20 at halftime as the Suns barely put up a fight . With little resistance , the Knicks shot the lights out , going 46 - 82 ( 56 percent ) from the floor and an absurd 16 - 24 ( 67 percent ) from three . Carmelo Anthony ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 4 3PT ) and Sasha Vujacic ( 7 - 8 FG , 6 - 7 3PT ) led the Knicks with 23 points apiece in the blowout victory . Derrick Williams ( 8 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3PT ) scored 18 points and Jerami Grant ( 6 - 9 FG ) added 14 , both off the bench . The Knicks offense was humming , as they assisted on 31 baskets and turned the ball over only 10 times . Devin Booker led all scorers with 32 points for the Suns as he knocked down 14 of his 28 field goal attempts . Alex Len notched a double - double with 14 points and 10 rebounds . Two Phoenix starters , P.J. Tucker and Tyson Chandler , finished with only four points apiece , giving the Suns no chance to keep up with New_York 's hot shooting effort . The Knicks continue their road trip Friday against the Clippers . The Suns head on the road for a Thursday matchup against the Nuggets .
The Phoenix Suns ( 18 - 49 ) defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 46 ) 107 - 104 , on Monday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . The Timberwolves came into this game on a high , having defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder in their last contest , but were met by an unrelenting Phoenix team that grinded until the very end of this one ; a game that featured 14 lead changes , 15 ties and a wild , last - second finish . The Timberwolves were up by one , with nine seconds left when Zach LaVine attempted to use Minnesota 's foul - to - give on Devin Booker . Booker however , managed to throw up a wild shot that dropped , leading to a three - point play that put the Suns up by two . The Timberwolves responded with a set play that had Andrew Wiggins driving to the basket for a lay up , but with 5 seconds on the clock the Suns immediately called timeout . Then off the inbound , Mirza Teletovic hit a fading three - point shot to give the Suns the win . Teletovic had the hot hand all game , as he finished with 21 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 5 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with eight rebounds and one steal , in 30 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , it was P.J. Tucker who led the Suns in scoring and rebounding as he finished with a double - double , including 23 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with 12 rebounds , five assists and two steals , 40 minutes . Tyson Chandler had a solid game , with 14 points , 11 rebounds and two blocked shots , in 30 minutes . The Suns refusal to give up allowed them to overcome the odds , and their 24 turnovers in this one . Zach LaVine had a huge game for the Timberwolves , as he dropped 28 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , in 32 minutes . Ricky Rubio tied a career and franchise - high for total assists as he dished 17 dimes along with 13 points , four steals and three rebounds , in 36 minutes . Karl Anthony-Towns also had a nice game with 17 points and 10 rebounds , while Andrew Wiggins chipped in 22 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Timberwolves were heavily out - rebounded , 57 - 36 , which really made the difference , especially in the final minutes . Next , the Timberwolves will play in Memphis , on Wednesday . The Suns head to Utah for a contest on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics ( 43 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 53 ) 102 - 99 on Saturday . The contest was truly a tale of two halves , with Boston opening up strong and building a formidable 58 - 41 halftime lead . The Suns came out a different team in the third quarter however , and took the period by a margin of 34 - 23 . A pivotal final 12 minutes saw Phoenix finally draw within a single point of the Celtics , 98 - 97 , with 1:15 remaining . However , the last 75 seconds of the contest saw Marcus Smart and Isaiah Thomas sink key free throws for Boston , and Evan Turner make a crucial block of a Devin Booker shot attempt , providing just enough to secure the victory . Thomas led the way versus his former team , managing 28 points , six rebounds and three assists . Turner , starting at small forward , was next with a 17 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and the aforementioned rejection . Avery Bradley , who 'd been hospitalized in recent days with an illness , posted 15 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal . Kelly Olynyk paced the Celtics bench with 16 points and three rebounds . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Los Angeles to face the Clippers on Monday night . The Suns were spearheaded by Booker , who supplied 21 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Brandon Knight was next with 19 points , three assists , a rebound and a steal . Alex Len followed , registering 10 points , eight rebounds and an assist . Mirza Teletovic paced the Phoenix bench with 17 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals . Phoenix remains in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday night .
The Washington Wizards ( 37 - 39 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 56 ) 106 - 99 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Phoenix , as they shot 39 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Wizards really turned it on , as they outscored the Suns 29 to 20 . The Suns actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 56 boards to the Wizards 44 . Washington has seen its playoff hopes slip in recent weeks , but this win keeps some hope alive . The Wizards are now within three games of the final playoff spot in the East , albeit with only six games left . John Wall was huge in this must win , as he accumulated 22 points , 10 assists and eight rebounds . Markieff Morris made his return to Phoenix and destroyed his team to the tune of 21 points and nine boards . Bradley Beal also provided 21 points in the win . Up next for the Wizards is a matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The struggles continue for Phoenix and these sort of games have been far too common . Brandon Knight missed yet another game , as he is dealing with a sports hernia . Tyson Chandler stepped up in his absence though , as he amassed 11 points and 15 rebounds . Mirza Teletovic led the team with 24 points off the bench and also snatched down 12 rebounds . P.J. Tucker provided 18 points and 10 rebounds of his own . On deck for the Suns is a matchup with the Utah Jazz on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz ( 39 - 38 ) defeated the host Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 57 ) 101 - 86 , on Sunday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . This was another very important victory for the Jazz , who have now won six of their last eight games , as they look to hold on to eighth place despite the Houston Rockets being hot on their tail . After a slow start the Jazz woke up in the second quarter , out - scoring the Suns 30 - 10 , to go up 46 - 33 by halftime . The Jazz were able to maintain the lead for the remainder of the game , as they cruised to their fourth win over the Suns this season . The Jazz shot 48 percent from the field and 37 percent from long range , while assisting on 27 - of - 39 field goals and giving up only 10 turnovers . Gordon Hayward led the way in scoring with 22 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with five rebounds , five assists , one steal and one blocked shot , in 35 minutes . Rodney Hood tallied 18 points , seven assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots , while Derrick Favors added 17 points , three assists , two rebounds and two steals . The Jazz have now won four of their last five road games . The Suns had a couple of players put up good numbers but a total of 22 turnovers contributed to the team losing their sixth contest in a row . Tyson Chandler had a big game , with 21 points ( 10 - 12 FG , 1 - 4 FT ) and 18 rebounds , in 38 minutes ; while Mirza Teletovic tallied 24 points and six rebounds , in 31 minutes off the bench . Devin Booker chipped in 14 points , along with seven assists , two rebounds , two steals and one blocked shot , in 41 minutes . Next , the Suns will head to Atlanta to face the Hawks on Tuesday . The Jazz have their work cut out for them as they host the Spurs on Tuesday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 33 - 48 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 22 - 59 ) 105 - 101 at Talking Stick Arena on Monday . With the season winding down and only a handful of games across the league left to play , the Kings came away with a road win without DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo . Cousins was shut down for the season and Rondo was written down for rest , although it is unlikely he plays the final game on the schedule . Sacramento had little trouble getting out to a lead before halftime , but poor foul shooting down the stretch and a lowly 18 point fourth quarter gave Phoenix some daylight to catch up . The Suns were also shorthanded , as Tyson Chandler ( concussion ) was sidelined alongside Brandon Knight and Archie Goodwin ( ankle ) . Seth Curry had a career night and flashed some of his older brothers range and passing ability which had the commentators regularly saying “we have seen the before ! ” . Curry finished with 20 points , which led all Kings scorers , and added 15 assists and three rebounds . Ben Mclemore joined Curry in the backcourt and contributed 14 points and seven rebounds , while Rudy Gay pitched in some highlight reel dunks on his way to 15 points , six rebounds and two steals . Quincy Acy was able to knock down the two needed free throws to prevent a last second chance for the Suns in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter and finished with nine points off the bench . The Phoenix starters mostly finished in double figures and that included three players who eclipsed 10 rebounds , but it was Mirza Teletovic who shined in 34 minutes off the bench . Teletovic added 26 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , one assist and two steals . The undrafted 30 - year old forward has strung together an impressive five game stretch , where he has averaged 22 points on 47 percent shooting and proved to be a bright spot on the Suns underwhelming roster . Alex Len , Jon Leuer and P.J. Tucker finished with double - doubles in the points and rebounds department , and as a unit , Phoenix dominated the rebounding battle 51 - 40 , but their 41 percent shooting kept them out of the game . Both teams play their final games of the season on Wednesday , as the Kings will visit the Houston Rockets ( 40 - 41 ) in a win or go home game for James Harden’s crew , while the Suns host the playoff bound Los Angeles Clippers ( 52 - 28 ) .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder were able to hold off the San_Antonio Spurs , 112 - 106 , in the season opener for both squads on Wednesday . The Thunder were unsurprisingly led by their two co - stars , Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant , who combined for 55 points . Westbrook finished with a game - high 33 points , but it was the 10th and final assist that he handed out Wednesday night that spelled the difference for the home team . With the clock ticking down with about four minutes left in the fourth quarter , Westbrook found Durant for a go - ahead three - pointer . Durant would push Oklahoma_City’s lead to five with another three with less than a minute to go , giving new coach Billy Donovan his first NBA win . For the Spurs , all eyes were on new acquisition LaMarcus Aldridge , who didn’t quite have the impact fans might have been hoping for his team debut . He finished with just 11 points on 4 - for - 12 shooting , but still finished as the team’s second - leading scorer . That’s mostly because Aldridge and his teammates let Kawhi Leonard go to work in this one , with the swingman establishing a new career high with 32 points to go along with eight boards . Oklahoma_City will aim to push its record to 20 on Friday in Orlando , while San_Antonio returns home Friday for a date with Brooklyn .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 30 ) won their third game in a row to start the season , defeating the Denver Nuggets ( 1 - 2 ) by a score of 117 - 93 . This game was all but over after the third quarter , during which the Thunder outscored the Nuggets 37 - 20 and pushed their lead to 25 heading into the fourth . The difference in this game was the Thunder shooting a great 52 percent from the field , including 52 percent from three . The Thunder had seven players score in double digits , and dished out an impressive 32 assists on 45 made field goals . Kevin Durant led his team in scoring with 25 points on 8 - for - 11 shooting , including a 3 - for - 5 mark from deep . Russell Westbrook flirted with a triple - double with 15 points , eight assists and nine rebounds , and Serge Ibaka imposed his will on the game with five blocks , not to mention 18 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Also worth noting was the performance of Enes Kanter , who tallied a double - double in only 17 minutes off the bench with 12 points and 10 rebounds . The Nuggets could n't take advantage of their opportunities and shot 38 percent from the field . Denver had seven players play over 20 minutes , but no one scored over 20 points . Will Barton had a solid game in 24 minutes off the bench , scoring 15 points on 6 - for - 12 shooting . Danilo Gallinari also scored 15 points , but on poor 3 - for - 13 shooting . He did go 7 - of - 8 from the foul line though . Jameer Nelson also had a solid game off the bench with 13 points and seven assists . The Nuggets were missing Wilson Chandler due to a hip injury and lacked production from “The Manimal” Kenneth Faried , so maybe on another night , this would have been a closer game . Next up for the Nuggets is a match with the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday . The Thunder will be visiting Houston to face James Harden and the Rockets in their next game .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 3 - 4 ) 124 - 103 on Sunday . The Thunder were letting the Suns hang around in the first half , but pulled away after that , out - scoring the Suns 64 - 49 in the second half . This was a domination in every fashion for the Thunder , as they recorded more assists , rebounds , steals and blocks than the Suns in the victory . The Suns bit themselves in the foot as well , committing 23 turnovers in the defeat . The Thunder did what they do best as they led by double - doubles from superstars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook on Sunday . Durant tallied 32 points and 11 rebounds , while Westbrook totaled 21 points and 13 assists . They also combined for seven steals and it 's clear that this is the best tandem in the NBA at this point . Oklahoma_City also got some nice production off the bench , as Enes Kanter and Dion Waiters both scored 19 points in the victory . The 4 - 3 record doesn’t look too great , but it sounds much better when you look deeper and see that the losses came to the Toronto Raptors , Chicago Bulls and Houston Rockets , who are all top - notch contenders this season . The Thunder play the Washington Wizards on Tuesday in their next game in a homecoming for Durant . The Suns got a brilliant performance from Eric Bledsoe on Sunday , but got very little aside from that . Bledsoe tallied 28 points and 11 assists in the loss and he is looking like one of the best guards in the NBA at this point . One positive that the Suns can take out of the loss is a 17 - point performance from T. J. Warren from off the bench , as he continues to develop as a great sixth man . With the recent struggles of starter P.J. Tucker , Phoenix very well may opt to switch to Warren in an effort to boost the offense . The Suns have a few days off until they host the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday in their next matchup .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 6 - 3 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 9 ) 102 - 85 on Friday night . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case in a blowout . The Sixers committed 17 turnovers in the loss and shot just 35 percent from the field . The Thunder didn’t play well offensively without Kevin Durant , but they were carried once again by Russell Westbrook . Philadelphia scored only 61 points after the first quarter and defense is going to be the key for this Thunder squad going forward without Durant . The Thunder didn’t have their best performance , but a win is a win . They were led by Russell Westbrook , who recorded yet another triple - double in a fantastic performance . Westbrook tallied 21 points , 17 rebounds and 11 assists in the victory . The defense was the key to the win though , as the Sixers shot under 35 percent from the field and had just three fast break points on the evening . The bench also had a nice game , as they outscored the Sixers bench 47 - 36 in the blowout . They 'll look to continue this form on Sunday against the Boston Celtics in their next matchup . The Sixers had a rough game on Friday in whats already been a rough season . Jahlil Okafor had an especially bad game , as he shot 3 - for - 18 while committing four turnovers in the defeat . Philadelphia was led by Nerlens Noel , who returned from a wrist injury to post a double - double in the loss . Skeptics have to wonder how all these youngster can deal with all the losing and it 's a wonder how they have any motivation at all at this point . There is some nice young talent on this team , but it will be some time before they compete for a playoff spot . The losing will likely continue on Sunday when the Sixers have to travel to San Antonio to take on the Spurs .
The Boston Celtics ( 5 - 4 ) upset the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 6 - 4 ) 100 - 85 on Sunday thanks to a dominant fourth quarter . This was a tightly contested game , until a dreadful fourth quarter from the Thunder . Oklahoma_City went 2 - for - 17 in an 11 - point fourth quarter . The Celtics on the other hand , dropped 28 points in the final 12 minutes and ran away with an impressive victory . This was the first time that the Thunder really missed Kevin Durant and they 'll need him to come back as soon as possible to help carry the offensive road . The Celtics are quietly one of the hottest teams in the NBA right now , as they have won four of their last five games . They recently got back Marcus Smart from a toe issue and he put in his best performance of the season on Sunday . Smart tallied 26 points , eight rebounds and three assists in the win . They also got another great performance from Jared Sullinger , who has been fantastic since being re - inserted into the starting five . Sullinger snatched 15 rebounds and four steals in the victory , while scoring just eight points . This team has no superstars on its roster , but it 's a deep , well - coached team that can be a threat to anyone on any given night . They 'll look to keep up this strong form against the Houston Rockets on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back . This was the definition of a fourth quarter collapse , as there appeared to be a lid on the basket in the final 12 minutes for the Thunder . The team greatly missed superstar Kevin Durant who continues to miss games with a hamstring injury . Russell Westbrook continues to carry the load for the Thunder , as he collected 27 points , five assists , four rebounds , three steals and two blocks in the loss . He did shoot only 5 - for - 20 in the loss and it 's just too hard for this Duantless Thunder team to win with a struggling Westbrook . Only one player had double - digits aside from Westbrook and that 's very hard to overcome against a deep team like the Celtics . Oklahoma_City will look to bounce back on Monday against the Grizzlies in Memphis in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Thunder ( 7 - 5 ) were able stave off the Pelicans ( 1 - 11 ) for a 110 - 103 win Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . With commissioner Joel Silver in attendance , and Anthony Davis and Kevin Durant sidelined , Russell Westbrook put on a show with a 43 - point performance . Westbrook has scored at least 40 points in his past two games , going 14 - for - 25 from the field and 15 - of - 20 from the charity stripe while collecting eight assists and nine rebounds over 36 minutes . The Pelicans hung in the game without their all - star power forward behind Ryan Anderson 's season - high 30 points ( 13 - 25 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt ) , but would ultimately drop their fifth straight game . After leaving Tuesday 's loss due to a shoulder injury , Davis missed Wednesday 's game and has struggled to get on the court lately . Without Davis 's presence on defense , the Pelicans have allowed at least 100 points in all four games he 's missed this season . Anderson stepped up big again with Davis out , but did n't get much help from guards Ish Smith and Eric Gordon , who combined to shoot 14 - for - 40 from the field . New_Orleans remains winless on the road this season , but will travel home to play a tough Spurs squad with Davis 's status up in the air . Durant , who has been sidelined with a hamstring injury , missed his fourth game in a row Wednesday . He 's surely been missed out on the court , as the Thunder are 2 - 2 without Durant , losing back - to - back games to the Celtics and Grizzlies before tonight 's win . Other than Westbrook , Oklahoma_City 's biggest contributor was Enes Kanter off the bench . Kanter had his way down low against the Pelicans , scoring 24 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 8 - 12 FT ) while pulling down a game - high 14 rebounds over 31 minutes . It 's only a matter of time before coach Billy Donovan is forced to insert Kanter into the starting lineup .
The New_York Knicks ( 7 - 6 ) surprised the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 7 - 6 ) n a nail - biter by winning 93 - 90 on Friday . The Thunder came into this game as seven - point favorites , but the Knicks simply looked like a better team . In fact , they were up by 16 points at one point in the fourth quarter and nearly blew out the Thunder , if it weren’t for a late run . Oklahoma_City actually drew a turnover with less than 15 seconds left and had two chances to tie the game before the final buzzer went off . It was the long distance shooting that decided this game , as the Knicks went 12 - for - 20 from three - point range while the Thunder went just 3 - for - 29 . The Knicks have been a huge surprise this season and this win adds to their impressive resume . The defense was great in this game , as they held one of the best offenses in the NBA to 90 points on just 38 percent shooting . New_York was led by Carmelo Anthony who contributed 25 points and five rebounds in the win . Jose Calderon also had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 10 points , seven assists , four rebounds and three steals in the victory . They are going to need more performances like this from Calderon , as he 's been in a two - year slump since joining the Knicks . New_York will have to travel to Houston to take on the struggling Rockets on Saturday in the second half of a back - to - back set . Oklahoma_City are starting to really miss Kevin Durant , as they 've lost three of their last four games . Luckily for them , he 's due back soon and could play as early as Sunday . The three - point shooting was just terrible in this game for the Thunder and that was the difference in the game , as they shot just 10 percent on nearly 30 shots . Russell Westbrook was one of those who struggled from distance , as he shot just 2 - for - 10 from three - point range . He did have another majestic game though , as he amassed 34 points , seven assists , seven rebounds and four steals in the loss . They also got 11 points and 13 rebounds off the bench from Enes Kanter and he is becoming one of the best per - minute producers in the NBA right now . Oklahoma_City will look to break their recent slide when they play the hot Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 8 - 6 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 5 ) 117 - 114 on Sunday . In a nail - biter of a game , the Thunder were able to prevail thanks to some late heroics . The Thunder ended the game on a 13 - 4 run and that proved to be the difference . Both teams shot exceptionally well in the game , as Dallas shot 53 percent while the Thunder shot 52 percent . The major difference was the free - throw shooting though , as the Thunder hit 78 percent of their free - throws while Dallas shot just 57 percent from the charity stripe . Dallas was one of the hottest teams in the league coming into this game and they nearly escaped with their seventh - straight win . They simply didn’t play enough defense throughout the game to hold off the Thunder though , as they allowed at least 27 points in every quarter . They were led by yet another double - double from Zaza Pachulia , who is proving to be one of the steals of the offseason . Deron Williams also had another nice game , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and six assists in the defeat . The Mavericks will try to start a new winning - streak on Tuesday against the Memphis Grizzlies . The Thunder had lost three of their last four games coming into this matchup , so the win was much needed . They got some serious help from their bench in this game , as three different players scored in double - digits . Oklahoma_City was led by Russell Westbrook once again , as he totaled 31 points , 11 assists , five rebounds and five steals in the win . The return of Kevin Durant seems to be right around the corner as well , so things appear to be turning around for the Western Conference hopefuls . They 'll hope Durant return 's for Monday 's game against the Utah Jazz in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 10 - 6 ) took care of business Wednesday night with a 110 - 99 win over the Brooklyn Nets ( 3 - 12 ) . Brooklyn had 26 - 25 lead after the first quarter but Oklahoma_City woke up in the second quarter and did not look back out - scoring Brooklyn 85 - 73 the rest of the way . Brook Lopez had a monstrous game for Brooklyn with 26 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocked shots , but it was still not enough to quiet the Thunder . Thaddeus Young also played well for the Nets , finshing with 18 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . Three other players scored double digits for Brooklyn , including Andrea Bargnani , who contributed 13 points on 6 - 12 shooting , in 16 minutes off the bench . Rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson tallied a strong double double with 11 points and 11 rebounds in 28 minutes as a starter . Hollis-Jefferson has a good opportunity to shine at the shooting guard spot for the Nets going forward . Kevin Durant was back in top form Wednesday night as he finished with 30 points on 11 - 18 shooting , including 5 - 8 from long range , along with six rebounds , five assists and three blocked shots . Russell Westbrook would not be too far out - done and finished with 27 points of his own along with a generous 13 assists , six rebounds and five steals . Dion Waiters provided 16 points on 6 - 13 shooting and has been a nice boost off the bench for the Thunder so far this season . As a team Oklahoma_City shot a strong 52 percent from the field and finished with 26 assists on 41 made field goals . Next up the Thunder will be hosting Detroit on Friday . Brooklyn will be visiting Cleavland on Saturday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 11 - 6 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 8 - 8 ) 103 - 87 on Friday . This was the Reggie Jackson homecoming game , but he did n't have his best performance . In fact , both point guards struggled mightily . Jackson battled foul trouble all game long while shooting just 4 - for - 16 from the field . Westbrook was even worse , as he tallied just 14 points , four rebounds and four assists while committing a ghastly 11 turnovers . These were the top - two rebounding teams in the NBA coming in and that proved to be the difference . The Thunder actually outrebounded the Pistons 58 - 38 and simply dominated the boards . The Pistons are usually carried by Reggie Jackson and Andre Drummond , but they were both battling foul trouble all game long . That 's a recipe for disaster and they could n't quite bounce - back with that adversity . They still managed to combine for 30 points and 12 rebounds but that was n't enough . In fact , those seven rebounds from Drummond marks the first time he has n't cracked double - digits this season . The Pistons also did n't get much bench production , as only four players came off the bench with none of them scoring more than six points . If Drummond and Jackson are going to battle foul problems and the bench does n't step up , a win is a nearly impossible proposition . Detroit will take on the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday in their next scheduled game . The Thunder got a win , despite Westbrook 's worst game of the season . The defense was the key , as they held the Pistons to just 32 points in the second half . Oklahoma_City was also happy to see Kevin Durant at full strength and playing at an MVP level in this game . Durant dropped 34 points , 13 rebounds , five assists and three blocks in the win . Those are the types of performances the Thunder need from Durant all season if they are to compete for an NBA title . That is the beauty of having Durant and Westbrook . If one is off , the other can go crazy and carry the team on any given night . Oklahoma_City will have a tough matchup in their next game , as they travel to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Monday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 12 - 8 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 15 ) 98 - 95 on Sunday . The Thunder turned to their superstars in Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant to edge the Kings . Westbrook tallied his third triple - double of the season and finished with 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting in 37 minutes played . Kevin Durant nailed a mid range jumper with :5 remaining in the 4th quarter to take a 96 - 95 lead , the game winner was his 20th point of the game , to go along with 10 rebounds and four assists . Steven Adams was a force on the glass and proved to win the matchup against DeMarcus Cousins , as he finished with six points and 12 rebounds , including a defensive stop on Rudy Gay following Durant’s clutch jumper . Enes Kanter played an efficient 20 minutes off the bench and earned a double - double of his own after scoring 14 points and grabbing 10 rebounds . The Thunder dominated the rebound war , racking up 62 boards , 19 of which came on the offensive end . Rajon Rondo fell short of triple - double and tallied seven points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . DeMarcus Cousins continues to struggle , which strings together two consecutive games where the big man was unable to provide for his team and finished well below his season averages . Cousins’ 13 points and 10 rebounds came on 5 - of - 20 shooting and a plus/minus of - 7 . Rudy Gay led all Kings scorers with 20 points , in addition to seven rebounds and three assists . Marco Belinelli and Darren Collison contributed 16 points each off the bench . Both teams shot under 30 percent from the 3 - point line and hovered the 40 percent mark from the field . The Kings return home for a three game stretch starting with the Utah Jazz ( 9 - 9 ) on Tuesday , while the Thunder visit the Memphis Grizzlies ( 12 - 9 ) that same night .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 17 - 8 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 16 ) by a score of 106 - 90 , Wednesday night in Oklahoma . The Thunder had control for most of the game . They were up 31 - 26 after a back and forth first quarter and held the lead for the rest of the way . This was the sixth win in a row for the Thunder The Thunder had six players score in double digits and shot 48 percent from the field as a team . Kevin Durant led the way in scoring , with 24 points . He also had seven rebounds , four assists and one blocked shot , in 29 minutes . Enes Kanter put up a nice double - double in 24 minutes off the bench , with 12 points ( 3 - 6 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) , and 13 rebounds . Dion Waiters shot 6 - 10 from the field and finished with 18 points and six rebounds , in 27 minutes . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going 5 - 15 from the field , however he still contributed a healthy 13 points , five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , in only 26 minutes . Portland could not find the rhythm in this game , as they shot only 34 percent from the field as a team . C.J. MacCollum was one of the few players to shoot at least 50 percent in the game for Portland and led the way with in scoring with 24 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , along with four assists and four rebounds , in 35 minutes . Damian Lillard shot 6 - 20 from the field , including 4 - 8 from distance , to finish with 20 points , along with five assists and two rebounds . Mason Plumlee was the only other player to score double digits for the Blazers . Plumlee finished with a nice double - double including 14 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 6 - 6 FT ) and 10 rebounds . Next up the Trail_Blazers will head to Orlando to play the second game of a current five - game road trip on Friday . The Thunder will be right back in action with a game in Cleveland Thursday night .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 18 - 9 ) dealt the struggling Los_Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 23 ) yet another loss , winning 118 - 78 . Per usual , stars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook led the way for the Thunder . Durant wowed with 22 points in 30 minutes , made more impressive alongside 8 rebounds . Westbrook , coming off a 27 - point performance against Cleveland , put up just 13 . However , the All-Star also tacked on 11 assists , and his average of 9 per game puts him at second in the NBA behind the Kings ' Rajon Rondo . The Thunder 's win came as no surprise , as the Lakers have struggled mightily thus far this season . The team sits at last in the Western Conference , and holds the unfortunate distinction of second - worst record in the NBA , edging out only the Philadelphia 76ers . Despite the loss , Jordan Clarkson delivered a strong performance , posting 15 points and 4 rebounds . Clarkson has shown off his high potential of late , posting 12 points , four assists , and two steals in the Lakers ' previous matchup against Houston . The Lakers ' woes have persisted throughout the season , and their bad luck looks unlikely to change any time soon , as they face road matchups in four of their final six games of the calendar year . Their next game will be in Denver on Tuesday . OKC , on the other hand , has established themselves as a legitimate contender early on in the season . They will face the fourth - seed Clippers on Monday in Los_Angeles .
The Chicago Bulls ( 16 - 11 ) defeated the host Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 20 - 10 ) 105 - 96 on Friday afternoon . Chicago came out sharp and jumped to a 32 - 26 lead by the end of the first quarter . The Thunder fought back and finished the half on a 15 - 3 run that brought it to 54 - 52 at halftime . Despite a few quick runs by the Thunder , the Bulls managed to hold the lead the entire game . The Bulls doubled up the Thunder with a 32 - 16 third quarter and cruised to the finish from there . Jimmy Butler led the Bulls in scoring , with 23 points ( 9 - 20 FG ) , along with six rebounds , four assists and four steals , in 42 minutes . Pau Gasol tallied a solid double - double with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) and 13 rebounds . Gasol also dished six assists and blocked two shots , in 37 minutes . Taj Gibson also tallied a double - double , with 13 points ( 6 - 8 FG ) and 10 rebounds , along with two assists , two blocks and one steal , in 34 minutes . The Bulls grabbed 53 rebounds , a testament to the intensity and focus that they maintained throughout the game . They also shot 90 percent from the free throw line , hitting 18 - 20 as a team . Kevin Durant put on a stellar performance and was leaning toward a triple - double after he did everything he could to help his team , yet it was not enough to get over the hump . Durant finished with 29 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , nine rebounds and seven assists , in 42 minutes . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going 9 - 23 from the field , 1 - 7 from long range and 7 - 13 from the free throw line , on his way to 26 points , eight assists and seven rebounds . Westbrook grabbed an impressive six steals , however his six turnovers nullified that hard work on defense . Enes Kanter put up solid numbers in 25 minutes off the bench , finishing with 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG ) and 13 rebounds . With this loss , the Thunder are now 6 - 8 versus the East . Next the Thunder will host the Nuggets on Sunday . The Bulls will be right back in action with a game on Saturday in Dallas .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 22 - 10 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 12 - 21 ) 131 - 123 on Tuesday night . In an anticipated blowout , the Bucks kept this game with an unlikely recipe . Milwaukee came into this game as the worst rebounding team in the NBA and actually outrebounded the Thunder , who rank second in the NBA in rebounding . The game was played at an incredible fast pace , as the 24 - second shot clock didn’t even need to be on . The difference in the game was the free - throw shooting , as the Thunder went 37 - for - 40 from the charity stripe , while the Bucks went just 15 - for - 22 . Milwaukee came into this game as a huge underdog , but held their own to keep it close throughout . This was one of the best offensive performances that the Bucks have had all season and it 's a shame they couldn’t keep the Thunder off the free - throw line . Khris Middleton has been fantastic lately and that form continued here , as he scored a career - high 36 points in the loss . Michael Carter-Williams also played well , as he tallied 19 points , nine assists and nine rebounds in the defeat . This goes down as a loss , but Milwaukee did some good things here that they can definitely build upon for future endeavors . The Bucks next game will be on Thursday against the Pacers in Indiana . Oklahoma_City has been the second - best offense in the NBA this season and they improved on that scoring average tonight . Per usual , Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant were the stars of the show and put up very similar lines . In fact , Westbrook totaled 27 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and five steals , while Durant amassed 26 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Those two also went a combined 20 - for - 21 from the free - throw line and continue to carry this team . Cameron Payne also had his best game as a pro , as he scored a career - high 16 points off the bench in just 16 minutes . The bench was good all - around , as they scored 53 points in the win . If the bench can score 40 - plus regularly with Durant and Westbrook doing what they do , this team will be impossible to beat . The Thunder will look to continue their good play against the struggling Phoenix Suns on Thursday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 23 - 10 ) outlasted the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 23 ) Thursday night at the Chesapeake Energy Arena , 110 - 106 . The Suns made a hard charge late in the game , using a 70 run to force a 100 - 100 tie with 3:43 to go . But Thunder star Kevin Durant wouldn’t have it , as a fadeaway jumper and a dunk in the final two minutes of the game gave the Thunder a 106 - 102 lead they wouldn’t relinquish . Durant finished with 23 points on the night . Durant had the heroics , but Thunder guard Russell Westbrook was the best player on the court , as he made his mark on this game early and often . Westbrook recorded game highs in points ( 36 ) , assists ( 12 ) , and steals ( 5 ) . He shot a brilliant 12 - 19 from the field as he paced an efficient Oklahoma_City offense that shot 42 - 80 ( 53 percent ) as a team . T.J. Warren led the Suns with 29 points , and P.J. Tucker poured in 22 on an ultra - efficient 10 - 14 shooting night . Seven different Suns scored at least 12 points , and Phoenix shot a robust 52 percent , but they lost the turnover battle 17 - 13 , and it proved to be too much to overcome . Oklahoma_City will look to continue their winning ways Saturday on the road in Charlotte . The Suns continue their road trip Saturday in Sacramento .
The Sacramento Kings ( 14 - 20 ) came up with the 116 - 104 win against the host Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 24 - 11 ) on Monday night . This was the Kings ' first ever win in Chesapeake Energy Arena . Since the Supersonics franchise was relocated to Oklahoma before the 2008 - 9 season , the Kings had not been able to find a road win in OKC , until this one . The Kings also put an end to the Thunder 's four - game winning streak After a back and forth first quarter the Thunder were up two but throughout the final three quarters the Kings outscored the Thunder 85 - 71 , to achieve the upset victory . DeMarcus Cousins had a monster game , which was an impressive feat against the tough interior of the Thunder . Cousins finished with 33 points ( 11 - 27 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) and 19 rebounds , in 37 minutes . Rajon Rondo was wheeling and dealing on his way to 13 points , a very generous 19 assists , nine rebounds and five steals , in 42 minutes . Marco Belinelli chipped in 21 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and two rebounds , in 34 minutes off the bench . Quincy Acy started in place of Omri Casspi , who sat this one out with a sore back , however he only logged five minutes and did not score . The Thunder were missing their top scorer Kevin Durant , who had to sit this one out with a sprained toe . In Durant 's absence five players scored in double digits , which can be seen as a bright spot in this loss for OKC . Serge Ibaka led the way in scoring for the Thunder , finishing with 25 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and five blocked shots . Russell Westbrook shot only 6 - 23 from the field but still tallied an impressive 17 points , 15 assists and eight rebounds . Anthony Morrow started in place of KD and finished with 20 points , in 33 minutes . Steven Adams put up a solid 15 points and 10 rebounds , in only 26 minutes . Next the Thunder will host the Grizzlies on Wednesday . Meanwhile , the Kings will be in Dallas on Tuesday for the second of back - to - back road games . Another win could put the Kings at the threshold of the top eight in the West .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 25 - 11 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 19 - 18 ) 112 - 94 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . Memphis was without point guard Mike Conley ( achilles ) , who added an achilles injury to an already banged up lower back and watched from the sideline , as his team was outpaced by Oklahoma_City the entire evening . The Grizzlies staple is their defense , and they played strong throughout December allowing just over 92 points per game , but this was not the case against the Thunder , who found defensive breakdowns and favorable matchups right out of the gate . An offensive spark was provided from Mario Chalmers off the bench , who contributed 23 points on 8 - of - 19 shooting , to lead all Grizzlies in scoring . Zach Randolph was reserved to the bench and added 12 points and six rebounds , a less effective performance in comparison to his double - double against the Blazers on Monday . Marc Gasol finished with a lowly eight points on 2 - of - 11 shooting in 24 minutes . When Gasol scores less than 15 points , the Grizzlies struggle to find ways to win games . With the loss , Memphis falls to 6 - 14 against teams above .500 in 2015 - 2016 . The Memphis Grizzlies will look to bounce back when they host the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 23 ) on Friday . The Oklahoma_City Thunder entered Wednesday with a transition heavy gameplan led by the blinding speed and athleticism of Russell Westbrook . Combine the all star guard with Kevin Durant ( toe ) back in the lineup , and the Grizzlies were simply outmatched on both ends of the floor . The Thunder are coming off a bad loss to the Kings as double - digit favorites on Monday , but bounced back in emphatic fashion behind Durant , who finished with 26 points , 17 rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block on 9 - of - 18 shooting , while Westbrook poured in 20 points of his own , to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists . As a unit , the Thunder shot 46 percent from the floor and 47 percent from behind the arc , and although they turned the ball over 16 times ( compared to the Grizzlies eight turnovers ) , their ability to score and work the shot clock resulted in a blowout home win , especially at the rim . Dion Waiters added 15 points in 31 minutes off the bench and was pivotal in extending a quick first quarter lead . The Thunder will look to continue to compete for a top spot in the Western Conference when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 28 ) on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 32 - 12 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 19 - 23 ) 109 - 95 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma_City on Wednesday . The odds were stacked against the Hornets in this one . They had lost their last nine road games and have not won a game in Oklahoma_City since the franchise moved there from Seattle . In addition to those negative stats , the Thunder came into this game having won 20 of their last 24 games and boasting a very strong home record . With this win the Thunder have won their last six , improved their home record to 21 - 5 and have won their last 11 against Charlotte . Oklahoma_City led just about the whole way in this game . Despite mediocre shooting , Kevin Durant was the high - point man in the game , with 26 ( 9 - 20 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 10 FT ) . Durant also contributed five assists and five rebounds , in 30 minutes . Russell Westbrook continued his amazing play and came close to another triple - double . He finished with 16 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , along with a huge 15 assists , eight rebounds and five steals , in 27 minutes . Steven Adams logged a double - double with 10 points and 10 rebounds , in 27 minutes . Despite giving up 20 turnovers , the Thunder managed to stay in control , in part by hitting 22 of 30 free throws and out - rebounding the Hornets 51 - 34 . Charlotte got 57 points from its bench but unfortunately the starters could not match that same production . Kemba Walker led the Hornets with 21 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , two rebounds , two assists and two steals , in 30 minutes . Jeremy Lin chipped in 16 points ( 6 - 11 FG ) and two assists , in 27 minutes off the bench . Frank Kaminsky was a factor in 31 minutes off the bench , as he finished with 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , six rebounds and four assists . Jeremy Lamb sat this one out , making it now four games that he has missed due to a sprained toe . Next the Hornets will host the Magic on Friday . The Hornets sit 2 games behind the Magic and 3 games out of eighth in the East . The Thunder will begin a four - game road trip with a game in Dallas on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 37 - 13 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 21 - 25 ) 114 - 98 on Monday night . The Thunder got off to a double - digit lead in the first quarter and never looked back after that . In fact , they never lost a single quarter and never relinquished their lead after the first . Oklahoma_City was dominant on the boards , as they nearly doubled up the Wizards rebounding 53 to 27 . The Thunder also shot lights out , as they hit 52 percent of their field goal attempts in the win . This marks Washington’s fourth loss in their last five games . Only four players scored in double - figures , with Bradley Beal leading the team with 18 points off the bench . John Wall had an up - and - down game , as he tallied 17 points , eight assists , four rebounds , two steals and three blocks , but turned the ball over six times and missed all four of his three - point attempts . It wo n't get much easier in the Wizards next game , as they take on the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday . There haven’t been many games this season when all three of the Thunder studs have been at full force , but that was the case on Monday . Russell Westbrook out together yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 17 points , 13 rebounds and 11 assists en route to his seventh triple - double of the year in the win . Kevin Durant led the team with 28 points and snatched down nine rebounds as well . The most promising performance came from Serge Ibaka though , as he double - doubled in a 19 - point outing . Oklahoma_City will look to keep up their winning ways against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , in a matchup where they should be double - digit favorites .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 40 - 14 ) earned a home win Thursday at Chesapeake Energy Arena over the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 20 - 33 ) , 121 - 95 . The Pelicans scored the game’s first six points but lost the lead for good by the end of the first quarter . The Thunder were aggressive from the three - point line , launching 32 attempts from deep and making 12 ( 38 percent ) . The Pelicans made just three of their 16 attempts , and the 27 - point advantage Oklahoma_City enjoyed from outside was the story of the game . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook notched 23 points apiece to lead the Thunder . Westbrook dished 10 assists and finished one rebound away from what would have been his fourth double - double in the past six games . Durant made 10 of his 17 field goal attempts and added six assists and three rebounds . Serge Ibaka scored 18 points and added three blocks . Anthony Davis ( 8 - 14 FG , 7 - 12 FT ) and Jrue Holiday ( 11 - 20 FG ) joined the four - way tie for the game high in points with 23 . Davis added three rebounds , two steals and two assists , and Holiday dished six assists , nabbed five steals and pulled down four rebounds in his 31 minutes off the bench . But the Pelicans just couldn’t get their shots going , as they made just 36 of their 88 field goal attempts ( 43 percent ) . The Pelicans return from the break next Friday at home against the 76ers . The Thunder welcome the Pacers next Friday in Oklahoma_City .
The Indiana Pacers ( 29 - 25 ) defeated the host Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 40 - 15 ) 101 - 98 , on Friday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena . The Pacers had lost their last five games in Oklahoma prior to this contest , however they did not let the past dictate the future as they fought hard to earn the road victory against a very tough host . Indiana was down by nine entering the fourth quarter but drained four three - pointers in the last 2:28 in order to emerge victorious . Thus the Pacers snapped the Thunder 's nine - game home winning streak and also held them to less than 106 points , a mark which OKC had reached in their previous 12 games . Monta Ellis led the way for Indiana , finishing with 27 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) , three assists , three steals and two rebounds , in 38 minutes . Paul George had a strong game as well , as he logged a double - double with 22 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) and 10 assists , along with five rebounds and one steal , in 34 minutes . Ian Mahinmi took care of business in the paint , as he tallied a double - double with 19 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) and 11 rebounds , along with three assists , two steals and two blocks , in 35 minutes . Jordan Hill was back in the line - up after missing games before the break with a dislocated finger , while Rodney Stuckey remained out due to a sore right foot . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook were both in top form as they combined for 54 points , 21 assists and 11 rebounds , but it was not enough to halt the Pacers . Westbrook tallied 23 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and an impressive 18 assists , as well as three rebounds , two steals and one block , in 37 minutes , while KD offered 31 points ( 13 - 26 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , eight rebounds and three assists , in 38 minutes . Enes Kanter chipped in a healthy 13 points and 10 rebounds , in 20 minutes off the bench . As a team the Thunder shot a dismal 5 - 26 from distance , which can be seen as a difference - maker compared to Indiana 's 9 - 22 from long - range . Next the Thunder will host the Cavaliers , on Sunday , and will look to avoid losing two in a row at home . The Pacers will be in Orlando on Sunday to take on the Magic .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 40 - 14 ) defeated the host Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 40 - 16 ) 115 - 92 , on Sunday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . This game started off tight , with the Thunder leading by one after the first quarter , however the Cavs blew the game wide open as they outscored the Thunder 68 - 45 in the second and third quarters . Cleveland then cruised to victory after entering the final quarter already up by 22 . This was an impressive victory for the Cavs as they were against Oklahoma_City 's strong home record , which is now 25 - 7 . This loss also marks the first back - to - back losses for the Thunder since early December . The Cavs win streak is now at four games , as they are the first team in the East to earn 40 wins . Kyrie Irving left the game mid - way through the second quarter with flu - like symptoms and did not return . Irving missed the first meeting between these teams , which the Cavs also won . The season series is now 20 for Cleveland , despite being without Irving both times . Of those players active for Cleveland , six scored in double digits and three logged double - doubles . LeBron James finished the game with 25 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , 11 assists , seven rebounds and three steals , in 37 minutes . Meanwhile , Kevin Love tallied a game - high 29 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 11 - 12 FT ) , along with 11 rebounds , and four assists , in 37 minutes . Tristan Thompson contributed a solid 14 points and 14 rebounds , in 35 minutes at the starting center position . The Cavs shot over 50 percent from the field and hit 23 - of - 27 free throws as they cruised past the Thunder . OKC struggled getting shots to fall , as only 41 percent of their attempts were successful , including only 5 - of - 22 from deep . Kevin Duran led the Thunder in scoring with 26 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , along with five rebounds , three assists and three blocked shots , in 33 minutes . Russell Westbrook was one rebound away from a triple - double as he finished with 20 points , 11 assists and nine rebounds , in 33 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Thunder was Serge Ibaka , with 12 points . Ibaka also tallied three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , in 30 minutes . The Thunder will move on to Dallas where they will take on the Mavericks , on Wednesday . The Thunder will be looking to avoid a third straight loss . The Cavaliers next game will be on Monday when they host the Detroit Pistons .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 44 - 20 ) took down the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 41 - 22 ) in a potential Western Conference playoff preview Wednesday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena , 120 - 108 . Oklahoma_City shot a sharp 53 percent from the floor and resoundingly won the rebounding battle 52 - 29 as they grinded out the victory . The Clippers never held the lead , but they came back from a 12 - point second quarter lead to keep the game tied into the third quarter . But after the last tie , at 75 - 75 , Oklahoma_City busted out an 18 - 8 run to close the quarter and led by double digits for the entire final period . Kevin Durant led all scorers with 30 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 5 - 8 3PT ) and added 12 rebounds and seven assists . Russell Westbrook tied Draymond Green for the NBA lead with his 11th triple - double as he scored 25 ( 9 - 15 FG , 7 - 7 FT ) , grabbed 11 rebounds and dished a season best 20 assists . The Thunder also got double digit scoring performances from Serge Ibaka ( 15 points ) , Andre Roberson ( 13 points ) and Enes Kanter ( 14 points , seven rebounds ) , and when the Thunder 's two superstars get support like that , Oklahoma_City 's offense is hard to keep up with . The Thunder continue their homestand Friday against the Timberwolves . The Clippers return home to host the Knicks on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 45 - 22 ) defeated the visiting Portland Trail_Blazers ( 35 - 33 ) 128 - 94 , on Monday at Chesapeake Energy Arena . After a competitive first quarter the Thunder out - scored the Blazers 20 - 8 to begin the second quarter and continued to dominate behind Russell Westbrook 's 12th triple - double of the season , en route to a decisive , 34 - point victory . With this win the Thunder snap a two - game losing streak , and take the 2 - 1 upper hand in the season series , which will feature one more contest . If the Blazers and Thunder manage to retain their positions in the Western Conference , they are set to meet in the first round of the playoffs , furthering the importance of this win for OKC . Meanwhile , Portland has lost five of its last seven games . Russell Westbrook 's 12th triple - double of the season consisted of 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 FT ) , 16 assists and 10 rebounds , along with two steals , in only 28 minutes . Oklahoma_City had six other players contribute double digits in the points column , while they shot an incredible 59 percent from the field , including 53 percent from deep , as a team . Enes Kanter was the high - point man for the Thunder , as he poured in 26 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 8 - 8 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , two steals and one assist , in just 22 minutes off the bench , while Kevin Durant added 20 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , seven assists and five rebounds , in 26 minutes . The Trail_Blazers could not get things going as they managed to convert only 34 percent of their field goal attempts , but on the plus side shot an impressive 25 - 27 from the free throw line . Damian Lillard led his team , with 21 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , four assists , two rebounds and one blocked shot , in 32 minutes , while C.J. McCollum added 15 points ( 5 - 17 FG ) in 29 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Portland was Al-Farouq Aminu , who chipped in 11 points , along with three rebounds and three assists , in 23 minutes . This loss puts the Trail_Blazers in danger of losing grip on sixth place , as they came in only 2 games ahead of the eighth place Rockets and one game ahead of the seventh place Mavericks . Next , the Trail_Blazers will continue their road - trip by heading to San Antonio for a match with the Spurs on Thursday . The Thunder will begin a three - game road trip as they face the Celtics in Boston on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 49 - 22 ) hung on to beat the Houston Rockets ( 35 - 36 ) Tuesday night at Chesapeake Energy Arena , 111 - 107 . Trailing by five with 30 seconds to go , the Rockets got three - pointers from Jason Terry and James Harden to close the deficit to one possession in the game 's final seconds . But Harden 's attempt at an entry pass to Dwight Howard for the tie was deflected and eventually stolen by Dion Waiters , and Russell Westbrook nailed both of his free throws to ice the game . Russell Westbrook recorded yet another triple - double , his NBA-leading 15th of the season , giving him four more than second place Draymond Green . Westbrook scored 21 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 0 - 7 3PT , 7 - 8 FT ) , dished 15 assists and grabbed 13 rebounds . Kevin Durant helped out with 23 points ( 8 - 19 FG ) , seven rebounds and four assists , and Dion Waiters dropped 17 points in 25 minutes off the bench . The Thunder shot just 8 - 35 ( 23 percent ) from deep but grabbed 13 offensive rebounds and shot a robust 59 percent on two - point attempts . James Harden 's 24 points were a game - high , and he added 16 assists , seven rebounds and four steals for the Rockets . Dwight Howard scored an efficient 16 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) and added 13 rebounds , and Patrick Beverly chipped in 16 points behind four three - pointers . The Rockets shot a decent 13 - 37 ( 35 percent ) from three - point land but had seven shots blocked and made just 49 percent of their two - point shots . The Rockets return home to host the Jazz on Wednesday . The Thunder also face the Jazz in their next contest , in Oklahoma_City on Thursday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 51 - 22 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 61 - 12 ) 111 - 92 on Saturday . The Spurs came into this game extremely shorthanded and it truly showed . It was the second and third quarters when the Thunder put it to the Spurs , as they outscored them by 22 points . The key for Oklahoma_City was their rebounding , as they brought down 47 boards to San_Antonio 's 34 . The Thunder shot 52 percent from the field , which is rare for this stingy San_Antonio defense . The Spurs played this game without Kawhi Leonard , Tony Parker and Tim Duncan and they really struggled . David West was the lone bright spot off the bench , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and three assists . Johnathan Simmons also scored 17 off then bench , which tied the team - lead . On deck for San_Antonio is a matchup with the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday . This was a game that the Thunder were supposed to win and they did a great job of leaving nothing to chance . Russell Westbrook was spectacular , as he accumulated 29 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Kevin Durant led the team with 31 points , while also snatching down 10 rebounds in the win . Enes Kanter double - doubled off the bench , as he scored 20 points to go along with 10 boards . The Thunder will look to extend their winning streak to eight games on Monday against the Toronto Raptors .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 53 - 23 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 47 - 28 ) 119 - 117 on Thursday . The Clippers were without the majority of their players for this game and nearly pulled out a miraculous win . The Thunder ended the game on a 9 - 2 run to win their ninth game in their last 10 . The rebounding was key for the Thunder , as they brought down 46 boards to the Clippers ' 26 . The Clippers played this game without Chris Paul , DeAndre Jordan , J.J. Redick and Blake Griffin and may have had their best performance of the season . Jamal Crawford stepped up big time , as he scored 32 points and dished out seven assists . Austin Rivers scored a career - high 32 points as well , while also providing four rebounds and five assists . Los_Angeles wo n't play again until Sunday against the Washington Wizards and Blake Griffin is expected to make his return for that matchup . The Thunder were a 17 - point favorite in this game and narrowly had one of their worst losses of the year . Russell Westbrook flirted with yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 26 points , 11 assists , eight rebounds and four steals . Kevin Durant led the team with 31 points and also recorded eight rebounds and five assists On deck for Oklahoma_City is a matchup with the Houston Rockets on Sunday .
The Miami Heat ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 2 ) 96 - 84 on Thursday . Dwyane Wade was questionable before the contest Thursday with a migraine , yet shook off the ailment to tie his season high in points with 25 and lead Miami to a road victory over the improving Timberwolves . Wade also posted a season - best field goal percentage , shooting 58 percent ( 11 - for - 19 ) , including a three - pointer . The veteran All-Star has scored 20 points or higher in all five games so far in 2015 . The Heat rebounded from a tough home loss Wednesday versus the Hawks and guard Gerald Green’s off - field troubles to put together a well - balanced offensive attack against Minnesota . All five Miami starters scored in double figures , with Goran Dragic ( 18 points ) and Chris Bosh ( 16 points ) supporting Wade’s performance with strong outings of their own . Hassan Whiteside came a rebound short of a second consecutive double - double in his battle with rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns . The Heat improved their record to 3 - 2 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeastern Division . Miami heads to Indiana to face off against the Pacers on Friday . Minnesota’s starters were largely stymied by their Miami counterparts . Of the starting five , only Andrew Wiggins managed double - digit scoring with 12 points , while veterans Kevin Garnett and Tayshaun Prince posted a combined two points in 24 minutes of court time . The Timberwolves’ reserves fared much better and managed to keep the game relatively close , with Shabazz Muhammad and Kevin Martin turning in a pair of 14 - point efforts , and Gorgui Dieng pitching in 10 . The Timberwolves fall to 2 - 2 and second place in the Western Conference’s Northwestern Division . They head to Chicago for a date with the Bulls on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 100 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 4 ) 129 - 116 on Thursday . The high - scoring affair was a testament to the reigning NBA champs ' ability to pull out a victory in almost any style of game . While the Warriors can certainly grind teams down with defense - - demonstrated Wednesday night when holding the Grizzlies to 85 points - - they 've also shown they can withstand a prolific offense performance from their opponent and still prevail . The latter was the case Thursday , with the Timberwolves getting productive nights out of multiple starters and reserves , yet still suffering a disheartening double - digit loss . Steph Curry led all scorers with 46 points on 15 - for - 25 shooting . It marked Curry 's second - highest scoring night of what is already an MVP-caliber season , and the 60 percent accuracy from the field was his third highest this season . Curry drained eight three - pointers on the night , tying a season high , at an impressive 62 percent clip . The remaining four Warriors starters also scored in double digits , led by Draymond Green 's 23 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . The Warriors are in first place in both the Pacific Division and Western Conference , sporting the best record in the league . They head home for a Saturday night tilt versus the Brooklyn Nets . The Timberwolves posted their second - highest scoring night of the season after 117 points in a surprising victory over the Hawks on Monday . Minnesota received double - digit scoring performances from starters Andrew Wiggins ( who returned from a one - game absence due to a knee injury ) , Zach LaVine ( who replaced the injured Ricky Rubio ) and rookie sensation Karl Anthony-Towns , who posted his fourth consecutive double - double and sixth overall on the season . The reserves also got in on the fun , led by Shabazz Muhammad ( 16 points ) and Kevin Martin ( 15 points ) . Backup center Gorgui Dieng and 17 - year veteran Andre Miller contributed a pair of 11 - point efforts . The Timberwolves dropped to 4 - 4 on the season and are in a three - way tie with the Utah Jazz and Denver Nuggets for second place behind the Oklahoma City Thunder in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Indiana for the second game of a back - to - back versus the Pacers .
The Detroit Pistons ( 7 - 5 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 8 ) 96 - 86 on Friday . It was a tale of two halves , with the Timberwolves jumping out to a 44 - 38 halftime lead while holding Pistons superstar center Andre Drummond largely in check . However , Detroit came back with a strong third quarter , outscoring Minnesota 30 - 21 in the third period led by Drummond 's 11 points over that span . The Pistons then hung on in the fourth , with Reggie Jackson , Marcus Morris , and rookie Stanley Johnson making sizable contributions to help seal the victory . Drummond came back after a lackluster first half to extend his impressive double - double streak to 12 games . He posted 21 points and 11 rebounds over 29 minutes . Morris got in on the act as well , collecting 16 points and 11 boards , while Jackson ( 18 points ) posted double - digit scoring for the 11th time in 12 contests . Johnson enjoyed the second - best outing of his rookie campaign with 15 points off the bench . The Pistons improved to 7 - 5 and reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head home for a Saturday night showdown with the Wizards . Karl-Anthony Towns took another notable step in his development by holding his own against Drummond . The rookie collected 18 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals , and two blocks , while helping to hold the Pistons center to his second - lowest total of boards in a game this season . Andrew Wiggins pitched in a team - high 21 points , the fifth consecutive contest that he has tallied at least 20 on the stat sheet . Ricky Rubio was the other T-Wolves’ starter to post double - digit points ( 12 ) , while his backup Zach LaVine continued to produce despite coming off the bench , totaling 14 points to pace Minnesota’s reserves . Minnesota fell to 5 - 8 and resides in third place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . They remain home to face Philadelphia on Monday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 6 - 8 ) rallied late in order to defeat the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 15 ) by a score of 100 - 95 on Monday night . The 76ers had the lead most of the game and it actually looked like this would be the night they would find their first win of the season . However , Andrew Wiggins had other plans , as he stepped it up huge in the late fourth quarter to propell his Timberwolves to the win . Jahlil Okafor had a great game for the 76ers and definitely out - matched rival rookie Karl-Anthony Towns . Okafor notched a double double with 25 points and 12 rebounds . He shot a strong 10 - 15 from the field and had two blocked shots . Towns was the only starter to score double digits but the 76ers got good production from their bench with three players scoring double digits . Robert Covington contributed 18 points , six rebounds and three steals , in 35 minutes . Isaiah Canaan finished with 14 points , going 5 - 5 from the free throw line but only 3 - 10 from the field . Hollis Thompson finished with 15 points and five rebounds on strong 6 - 10 shooting , including 3 - 7 from deep . The Timberwolves did not play a great game but were saved by their young star Andrew Wiggins . Wiggins scored 16 of his 32 points in the fourth quarter , including the go - ahead points , and was able to propell his team to the lead , after trailing by six midway through the fourth quarter . Wiggins shot 11 - 12 from the free throw line and chipped in six rebounds , three assists and two blocked shots . Ricky Rubio played well with 11 assists , eight points and six rebounds . Kevin Garnett grabbed a solid 10 rebounds and eight points on 4 - 5 shooting in 17 minutes , and was very effective as an energetic catalyst in his team 's comeback . Zach LaVine and Gorgui Dieng both added 12 points off the bench . Next up for Minnesota is a game Wednesday at home versus Atlanta . The 76ers will look for their first win Wednesday in Boston .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 7 - 8 ) came up with an impressive 99 - 95 win over the top tier Atlanta Hawks ( 10 - 7 ) on Wednesday night in Minneapolis . The Timberwolves produced strong first and fourth quarters in order to triumph over the Hawks . Minnesota shot a poor 41 percent from the field as a team but managed to grind out a win nonetheless . Although coming off the bench , Zach LaVine led the way in scoring for the Timberwolves with 18 points , he also added six assists and five rebounds in 26 minutes . Andrew Wiggins kept up his strong play but struggled shooting , scoring 15 points on 5 - 17 shooting from the field . Damjan Rudez had a strong showing in 16 minutes off the bench , scoring 13 points on 4 - 5 shooting , including 3 - 4 from deep , while Grogui Dieng notched a double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds in 25 minutes , also off the bench . The Hawks managed to shoot even worse than the Timberwolves , going an abysmal 31 - 82 ( 37 % ) from the field , including 8 - 32 from deep . Paul Millsap led the way for Atlanta with a double - double of 22 points , including 9 - 11 free throw shooting , and 10 rebounds . Big Al Horford also tallied a double - double with 12 points and 12 rebounds . Jeff Teague finished with 22 points , five assists and five rebounds . Despite the strong numbers from their top players , Atlanta still looked disheveled as a team . Next up for the Hawks is a visit to Memphis for a game Friday . The Timberwolves will be playing in Sacramento , also on Friday , in what will be a heat - check sort of game for the young Wolves .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 12 - 9 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 12 ) 110 - 106 on Friday thanks to some fourth quarter heroics . The Clippers pulled off an impressive win in Minnesota thanks to a 39 - point fourth quarter . Los_Angeles outscored Minnesota 39 - 29 in those final 12 minutes and took an interesting strategy to a win . They continues to foul in the final 30 seconds when up by three and made it a free - throw competition . In fact , there were nearly 20 free - throw attempts combined in the final 30 seconds . The Clippers shot 26 - for - 19 from the charity stripe and that proved to be the difference in the game . The Clippers have now won five of their last six games and things are turning around . Chris Paul and J.J. Redick seemed very unlikely to play in this game , but both started and played well . DeAndre Jordan was the hero tonight though , as he tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks in the win . Jamal Crawford also had a great game off the bench , as he contributed 18 points and seven assists as well . This team has all the talent in the world and it appears to be finally coming together . Los_Angeles will look to add to this hot stretch when they take on the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday . The Timberwolves looked in control of this game in the third quarter , but couldn’t hold off the Clippers . They are now 2 - 9 at home this season and that’s something they 'll need to figure out over time . The bench was a bright spot in the loss though , as they totaled 59 points between five players . The Wolves best player on Monday was Ricky Rubio , as he amassed 16 points , seven assists , five rebounds and four steals in the defeat . Even with the home struggles , they should have a good chance at a win when they host the Los_Angeles Lakers on Wednesday in their next scheduled game .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 12 ) survived a comeback attempt from the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 19 ) to win in overtime , 123 - 122 , Wednesday night at the Target Center to break a four - game losing streak . Lakers guard D'Angelo Russell nailed a seven - foot running two - point basket to send the game into overtime tied at 114 - 114 , but it was n't enough . Timberwolves point guard Ricky Rubio scored or assisted on seven of Minnesota 's nine overtime points to help lead the way as they managed to finish what they started in the final five minutes . Kevin Martin went off for a season - high 37 points fueled by a brilliant 6 - 9 shooting night from three - point land to lead the Timberwolves . Rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns filled the statsheet once again , as he scored 26 points and hauled in 14 rebounds , five of them coming on the offensive end . Ricky Rubio scored just five points and did n't make a field goal , but his 12 assists and nine rebounds were key , as was his overtime production . Russell scored 23 points in 32 minutes off the bench to lead the Lakers . Louis Williams was the high - scoring starter with 19 ( 7 - 11 shooting ) and Julius Randle tallied a double - double with 20 points and 12 rebounds . Kobe Bryant suffered another poor shooting night ( 5 - 13 ) and managed just 11 points . The Lakers next face the Spurs on Friday in San Antonio . Minnesota plays next on the road Friday in Denver .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 10 - 16 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 10 - 16 ) 99 - 95 on Friday . Andrew Wiggins has endured the up - and - down offensive performances typical of a young player over the course of his sophomore campaign . However , the 2014 first - round pick has been heating up from the field in recent games , and his increasingly proficient shooting culminated in his first double - double of the 2015 - 16 campaign . Wiggins managed 32 points by draining 11 of his 20 shot attempts , and added season - high totals of 10 rebounds and six assists . He also sank two late free throws with one second left to seal the hard - fought victory . Sacramento received outstanding double - double efforts from their dynamic duo of DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo . The Kings ' big man collected 24 points , 11 rebounds , four assists , four steals and a block , while the stat - sheet - stuffing point guard tallied 11 points , 13 assists , four rebounds and three steals . Both players did turn the ball over five times apiece , and Rondo missed a key free throw with two seconds left . Rudy Gay supported his teammates ' respective efforts with 20 points , five rebounds and a block , while Omri Casspi was the fourth member of the starting unit with double - digit points ( 11 ) . Darren Collison paced the Sacramento bench with 15 points . The Kings fell to 10 - 16 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Toronto to face the Raptors on Sunday . Ricky Rubio and Karl-Anthony Towns supported Wiggins ' breakout game with solid efforts of their own . Rubio filled out the stat sheet in typical fashion , collecting 12 points , eight assists , seven rebounds and two steals , while the rookie big man pitched in with 15 points , eight rebounds and a block . Shabazz Muhammad led the Timberwolves reserves , equaling his season high with 16 points and hauling in seven rebounds . Gorgui Dieng added 11 boards of his own off the bench , meaning that five Minnesota players collected at least seven rebounds . This led to a 49 - 31 advantage for the home team on the glass , a key factor in the victory . Minnesota improved to 10 - 16 and currently resides in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Sunday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 25 - 5 ) rolled through the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 18 ) Wednesday night at the Target Center as they took home a blowout 106 - 83 victory . The Spurs jumped out to a 22 - 8 lead and never looked back , as the Timberwolves never got the game closer than eight points in the final three quarters . The Spurs shot the lights out , as they shot 54 percent from the floor and knocked down 10 three - pointers . Kawhi Leonard led all scorers with 19 points and added 6 rebounds , 2 assists , 2 steals and 2 blocks . Tony Parker added 14 points and 6 assists . The Spurs finished with five players in double figures and dominated inside , with 54 points in the paint to Minnesota 's 24 . Zach LaVine was Minnesota 's high scorer as he came off the bench to pour in 17 on a 7 - 13 shooting night . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded his third straight double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds despite a rough shooting night ( 4 - 12 ) . Andrew Wiggins was also awful from the field ( 2 - 11 ) and finished with just 10 points . As a team , Minnesota managed just 42 percent from the floor . San_Antonio has won seven in a row and will look to make it eight Friday night against Houston . Minnesota has lost their last two and will look to turn it around Saturday at home against the Pacers .
The Indiana Pacers ( 17 - 12 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 19 ) by a score of 102 - 88 , Saturday night in Minnesota . Indiana is now 20 versus Minnesota this season . This game was very tight for three quarters , going back and forth with 13 lead changes . Indiana grabbed the lead 73 - 70 with 10 minutes to go in the fourth and that would be the last lead change of the game , as they outscored the Timberwolves by 16 in the fourth quarter . Monta Ellis led the Pacers in scoring , with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with six rebounds and three assists . Ellis also gave up six turnovers in his 36 minutes on the floor . Paul George finished with 18 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt ) , four rebounds , three assists and one steal . George turned the ball over five times himself , contributing heavily along with Ellis to their teams ugly 23 turnovers . To make up for it , the Pacers shot a hot 50 percent from the field and 92 percent from the foul line . Jordan Hill put in solid numbers off the bench , with 12 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds , in 27 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns took advantage of the smaller line up of the Pacers as he powered his way to 24 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , eight rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block , in 40 big minutes . Andrew Wiggins also played a strong game and finished with 19 points ( 9 - 18 FG ) , three rebounds , one assist and one steal . in 37 minutes . Ricky Rubio did his usual thing , scoring and dishing the ball , as he finished with 15 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) , nine assists , five rebounds and five steals , in 36 minutes . The Timberwolves struggled with turnovers , tallying 22 , and got out - rebounded by the quick Pacers . Next the Timberwolves will visit San Antonio for a game on Monday . The Pacers will also be in action on Monday , when they host Atlanta for an important Eastern conference match up .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 20 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 13 - 17 ) 94 - 80 on Wednesday in an offensive struggle . This is certainly not the type of game that will make any highlight reel anytime soon . Both teams played some horrendous offense and they may have set basketball back a few years . Both of these teams have been struggling mightily coming into this game and it made this game hard to watch at times . Utah was especially bad , as they shot 35 percent from the field and committed 19 turnovers in the loss . The turnover differential was the key , as the Timberwolves commuted just 10 , which is almost half as many as the Jazz . The Jazz had one of their worst offensive performances in franchise history and it 's clear the injuries are really starting to hurt this team . It 's one thing to play without Rudy Gobert , but this offense has no punch without Derrick Favors and Alec Burks . That can be exemplified by the fact that they started this game just 5 - for - 30 from the field and scored just 13 points in the first 14 minutes . It 's not like it got much better after that though , as they failed to crack 21 points outside of the fourth quarter . The lone bright spots were Trey Burke and Jeff Withey . Withey tallied 13 points and nine rebounds filling in for Favors and Burke scored 23 points off the bench . Utah will look to find some offense in their next game on Thursday against the Portland Trail Blazers . While the Jazz offense was a nightmare , the Timberwolves played some of their best defense of the season here . This marked the lowest point total the Wolves have allowed this season and it 's a good sign to see them play like this with their struggles at home all year . Ricky Rubio did a great job of setting up the offense , as he dished out 17 assists to go along with 10 points in the win . Rookie Karl Anthony-Towns recorded a double - double as well , tallying 25 points and 10 rebounds in the victory . This wasn’t a pretty game by any means , but a win is a win . Minnesota will look to keep up this defensive momentum on Thursday against the Detroit Pistons .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 14 - 21 ) recorded a road win against the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 22 ) on Saturday , beating them by a final score of 95 - 85 . Milwaukee has had a troubling start to the season after returning to the playoff picture in 2014 - 15 . The Bucks , last year 's sixth seed , now sit at thirteenth in the Eastern Conference . The win over the Wolves , however , marks the Bucks ' second straight win after they defeated division rival Inidana on Thursday . Six players scored in double digits for Milwaukee , with center Greg Monroe leading the way with 19 . 21 - year - old small forward Giannis `` The Greek Freak '' Antetenkoumpo delivered a strong defensive showing to go along with 11 points and nine rebounds . The team shot just 42 percent from the field , but performed well from deep on the whole , knocking down 8 - of - 16 from beyond the arc . For the Wolves , meanwhile , rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns delivered a rare weak showing . The 20 - year - old center shot just 4 - for - 17 , despite delivering a strong performance on the glass ( 10 rebounds ) and on the defensive end ( one steal , three blocks ) . Reigning Rookie of the Year Andrew Wiggins scored a team - high 19 points for Minnesota while also playing pesky defense , recording three steals . The Bucks are on a two - game win streak , but will face a challenging matchup against the powerhouse Spurs on Monday . The Timberwolves , meanwhile , will hope for a bounceback as they prepare to take on the league - worst 76ers .
The Denver Nuggets ( 13 - 23 ) defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 24 ) 78 - 74 on Wednesday night at Target Center . Minnesota and Denver came into this one tied for the worst record in the Northwest Division . With this win Denver is 3 - 1 in the season series . However , with a long way to go in the season the eighth spot in the West is still within reach for either team . Both teams came into this game on losing streaks . Denver snapped their six - game losing streak with this win , while Minnesota 's losing streak got extended to four games . The game was back - and - forth with 17 lead changes . Denver was up by one heading into the fourth quarter 66 - 65 , but from then on only 21 more points were scored between the two teams , leading to one of the lowest scoring quarters in recent memory . The Timberwolves failed to score in the last four minutes of the game , during which they had numerous chances to tie it up . Denver also did not score in the last four minutes , other than two free throws with five seconds left that sealed the deal . Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets with 20 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , seven rebounds and four assists , in 35 minutes . Jusuf Nurkic contributed an impressive 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 FT ) , 10 rebounds , five blocked shots and two assists , in 22 minutes off the bench . No one else scored in double digits for the Nuggets , who shot a horrid 35 percent from the field on the game . Darrell Arthur was notable with seven points , six rebounds , five assists and two blocks , including one game - saving block on Karl-Anthony Towns in the last seconds . Nikola Pekovic was back in the lineup for the Timberwolves after being out with an ankle injury since March 11 , 2015 . Pekovic played 15 minutes and contributed a solid 12 points ( 3 - 4 FG , 6 - 6 FT ) and two rebounds . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double with 14 points and 14 rebounds , as well as two assists and two blocks , in 32 minutes . Andrew Wiggins was relatively quiet as he finished with 11 points ( 4 - 14 FG ) , three rebounds and one assist , in 31 minutes . The Timberwolves shot a poor 38 percent from the field and are continuing to struggle on both ends of the floor . The Timberwolves will have their hands full on Friday when they host the Cleveland Cavaliers . The Nuggets will play in Memphis on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 25 - 9 ) extended their win streak to six games after defeating the struggling Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 25 ) 125 - 99 . Streaky shooting guard J.R. Smith led the dominant Cavs with a season - high 27 points in just 19 minutes . Smith has been in the zone of late , pouring in 24 or more points in each of his last three outings . As always , superstars LeBron James and Kevin Love made a big impact on the box score . Love scored 20 points and pulled down nine rebounds , while James flirted with a triple - double , posting 13 points , 12 rebounds , and eight assists . All-Star Kyrie Irving , however , had an off night , posting just 13 points , two rebounds , and two assists . Overall , the team was dominant , shooting 53 percent from the field and 48 percent from beyond the arc . The Wolves , meanwhile , saw promising performances from their young stars , but still put up a poor team effort against the powerhouse Cavs . Sophomore Andrew Wiggins dropped a game - high 35 points , while sophomore Shabazz Muhammed and rookie Karl-Anthony Towns posted 22 points each . Despite the trio 's strong efforts , no one else on the team scored in double - digits , and only one other player posted more than two points . Towns , the first overall pick in the 2015 draft , has been electric so far this season , and has made a strong case for Rookie of the Year , averaging 16 points , 10 rebounds , and 2 blocks per game . Even with a promising young roster , Minnesota has struggled lately . The Wolves have dropped nine of their last 10 games , and are now sitting on a five - game losing streak . Minnesota will look to turn their luck around against Dallas , as they face off against the Mavs on Sunday . Cleveland , meanwhile , visits the league - worst Sixers for their next contest on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 22 - 16 ) defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 26 ) 93 - 87 on Sunday evening . Minnesota started out on a 12 - 4 run but the Mavs battled back to tie it at 22 by the end of the first quarter . Dallas entered the fourth quarter up by 13 and cruised to victory from there , despite a 32 - point fourth quarter by Minnesota . Dirk Nowitzki put on a stellar performance , finishing with a game - high 29 points ( 12 - 22 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) along with seven rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 31 minutes . Chandler Parsons chipped in 14 points on very efficient 6 - 7 shooting from the field , as well as five rebounds and two assists , in 29 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Mavs was Zaza Pachulia , who tallied a double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds , along with two assists and one blocked shot , in 32 minutes . This win gives Dallas a bit of a cushion at the fifth spot in the West . The Timberwolves made a push in the last couple minutes to make it a five - point game but could not follow through for the win , thus continuing their struggles by losing their sixth straight . Andrew Wiggins led the Timberwolves in scoring , with 21 points ( 8 - 19 FG ) along with seven rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 36 minutes . Ricky Rubio filled the stat sheet with 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG ) , eight assists , seven rebounds and three steals , in 33 minutes . Shabazz Muhammad dropped 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG ) and grabbed five rebounds , in 27 minutes off the bench . Andre Miller left the game after taking a hard fall at the beginning of the fourth quarter . Next the Timberwolves will have their hands full with the Oklahoma City Thunder , who will be in town for a contest on Tuesday . The Mavericks will return home after three games on the road to face Cleveland on Tuesday , they will then head out on another three - game road trip .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 31 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 25 - 20 ) 106 - 101 on Saturday . Sometimes , the numbers do n't tell the entire story . Despite the visiting Grizzlies , who came in with a vastly superior record and riding a four - game win streak , outperforming the Timberwolves in several important categories , Minnesota was able to walk away the victors in a tightly - contested game . Memphis tallied a 47 percent accuracy rate from the field , as well as a 47 ratio from three - point range . They also elicited 16 total turnovers from the Timberwolves , leading to 21 points , and held a 25 - 20 lead after one quarter . However , the home team won the second period handily by a margin of 37 - 21 , and also went on a 50 run over the final 1:28 of the game to break a 101 - 101 tie and insure only their eighth win of the season at the Target Center . Both teams saw bench players lead them in scoring . Mario Chalmers spearheaded the Memphis attack with 19 points , five assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . Marc Gasol was right behind him with a 17 - point tally that he supplemented with two rebounds , an assist and a block . Matt Barnes managed 13 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal as the only other starter to pitch in double - digit points . Mike Conley ( nine points , seven rebounds , six assists and a steal ) , Courtney Lee ( eight points , three rebounds and a steal ) and Zach Randolph ( seven points , six rebounds an an assist ) made modest but multi - category contributions . With the loss , the Grizzlies fell into a second - place tie with the Dallas Mavericks in the Western Conference Southwest Division . They head home to face the Orlando Magic on Monday . Shabazz Muhammad led the Timberwolves on the night with a season - high 25 points , along with three boards . It was also the third - year pro 's fifth consecutive game with double - digit scoring . Andrew Wiggins poured in 19 points of his own for tops among the starting five , and added five rebounds , an assist and a block . Ricky Rubio stuffed the stat sheet with a 15 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also featured six rebounds and a trio of steals . It was notably the point guard 's first double - double of January . Rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns checked in with a near double - double of his own , totaling 14 points , nine rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Despite the win , Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Monday night .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 35 - 13 ) held off the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 33 ) for a 126 - 123 win on Wednesday night . In what looks like an overtime final score , defense was an optional aspect of this game . Both teams shot over 52 percent from the field , with Minnesota hitting 56 percent of their shots . The free - throw shooting was huge for the Thunder here , as they went 20 - for - 21 , while the T-Wolves went just 18 - for - 28 . Oklahoma_City also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 47 boards to the Wolves 35 . This marks Minnesota 's 17th loss in their last 20 games and the Thunder 's 19th win in their last 23 games . Oklahoma_City has been thriving off defense recently , but their potent offense carried them to a win here . It was once again Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant who carried the load , as both had big nights . Westbrook finished with 24 points , 15 assists and eight rebounds while Durant tallied 27 points , nine rebounds and five assists in the victory . Enes Kanter gave the team a nice spark off the bench as well , as he double - doubled in a 23 point - 10 rebound performance . Those three players combined for just seven turnovers as well , which is impressive with how much they were all handling the ball . Oklahoma_City will look to stay hot on Friday against the Houston Rockets in their next scheduled game . Minnesota put in a valiant effort here , but simply couldn’t keep up with this All-Star roster . It was the youngsters who were big for the Wolves tonight , as Zach LaVine , Karl-Anthony Towns and Gorgui Dieng had some of their best games of the year . LaVine fell just short of a career - high by dropping 35 points on 14 - for - 17 shooting and Dieng finished with 21 points and nine rebounds in a rare start . Karl-Anthony Towns was great as well , as he accumulated 19 points , 13 rebounds and five assists in the defeat . Minnesota 's next game will be on Friday against the Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 16 - 36 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 23 ) 112 - 105 on Saturday . Chicago carried a six - point lead heading into halftime , but it was clear their tired legs let them down in the second half . The Timberwolves outscored the Bulls by 12 points over the final three minutes and that was truly the difference in the game . A key for the Wolves was the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Bulls 31 . Chicago had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear this shorthanded roster couldn’t muster up the energy to win . In fact , Chicago was missing Jimmy Butler , Nikola Mirotic and Joakim Noah for this game . Pau Gasol was able to play after a one - game absence , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks in the defeat . Derrick Rose also played well , as he accumulated 18 points , 10 assists and five rebounds in the loss . Chicago has now lost 11 of their last 16 games . Up next for the Bulls is a matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Monday . This gives Minnesota a two - game winning streak , with both wins coming against very good teams . The Timberwolves were horrible from three - point range , as they went 1 - for - 12 , but shot nearly 59 percent from inside the arc . The big men were key in this game , as Karl-Anthony Towns went for 26 points and 17 rebounds , while Gorgui Dieng amassed 24 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists . Minnesota will look to extend their modest winning streak to three games on Monday when they host the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 18 - 39 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 33 - 25 ) 124 - 122 on Monday . Minnesota got out to an eight - point lead after the first quarter and that set a nice precedent for the rest of the game . They key for the Wolves was the shooting and rebounding , as they shot 52 percent from the field and outrebounded the Celtics 51 to 38 . The three - point shooing was unconscious as well , with the Timberwolves going 8 - for - 15 from long distance . The Celtics actually made a furious comeback late by scoring 14 points in the final 100 seconds , but fell just shy by missing a three - point opportunity at the buzzer to win . Boston has low lost three of their last five , with all three losses coming to teams under .500 . Jae Crowder played well in this game though , as he amassed 27 points , nine rebounds and three assists in the loss . Marcus Smart gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he recorded 17 points , seven assists , four rebounds and four steals in an effort - filled performance off the bench . The Celtics next game will be on Thursday , when they play the Milwaukee Bucks . Minnesota got one of their best team performances of the season here against one of the best all - around teams in the NBA . All five starters scored in double figures in the win , with the two big men dominating . Karl Anthony-Towns totaled 28 points , 13 rebounds and four assists , while Gorgui Deng amassed 17 points and 12 rebounds of his own . Ricky Rubio flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 15 points , eight rebounds and eight assists in the victory . Minnesota will look to keep things rolling on Wednesday against the Toronto Raptors .
The Washington Wizards ( 30 - 30 ) earned a road win over the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 19 - 42 ) Wednesday at Target Center , 104 - 98 . The Timberwolves built up a 21 - 9 first quarter lead , but it quickly evaporated as the Wizards closed the gap to three by the end of the quarter and continued to press their advantage into the second quarter as they took a 60 - 54 halftime lead . The Wolves never led in the second half , as they pulled to a 77 - 77 tie with 1:28 to go in the third quarter , but the Wizards ended the period with an 80 run and never looked back . Bradley Beal came off the bench to score a game - high 26 points for the Wizards ( 10 - 15 FG , 3 - 4 3PT , 3 - 5 FT ) . Alan Anderson , another bench guard , added 18 points in an extremely efficient 20 minutes ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 7 3PT ) . John Wall had a poor shooting night ( 6 - 18 FG ) but made up for it with a 14 - point , 12 - assist double - double . The Wizards only grabbed five offensive rebounds but did n't need second chance points the way their offense was humming , as they shot 50 percent from the floor and 11 - 29 ( 38 percent ) from three . Ricky Rubio poured in 22 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3PT , 8 - 9 FT ) to lead the Timberwolves but managed just three assists against six turnovers . Zach LaVine added 21 ( 7 - 18 FG , 2 - 5 3PT , 5 - 5 FT ) , Andrew Wiggins scoed 17 ( 6 - 11 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) , and Karl-Anthony Towns notched a double - double with 14 points and 15 rebounds . Minnesota had a mammoth 20 - point advantage at the free throw line ( 29 - 34 , 85 percent as a team ) but could n't find their shot anywhere else on the floor ( 43 percent from the field ) . The Wizards continue their road trip Friday in Cleveland . The Timberwolves begin a road trip Friday against the Bucks .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 20 - 43 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 45 ) 132 - 118 on Saturday , setting a franchise record in team field goal percentage with 68 percent from the field . Young and full of potential , Minnesota is looking poised to bring home a second straight Rookie of the Year award thanks to first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns . Towns dominated on Saturday , leading the game with 28 points on 14 - for - 18 shooting . The first - year center also contributed six rebounds and seven assists , putting on a passing clinic against Brooklyn . Of course , this was nothing too abnormal for the reigning All-Star Skills Challenge champion . Last year 's first overall pick Andrew Wiggins also had a major scoring performance , contributing 26 points on 10 - for - 14 from the field . The entire team shined in terms of efficiency , hitting shots at a higher clip than any other game in the franchise 's history . The Nets gave stars Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young a chance to rest on Saturday night , leading to absolute evisceration at the hands of Minnesota . Young players had the chance to shine , however , as forward Thomas Robinson notched a career - high 17 rebounds in the contest . Bench guard Markel Brown also played a big role , leading the team with 23 points . Defense simply did n't happen for the Nets , however , as Minnesota hit seemingly every shot it took . Brooklyn will visit Toronto on Tuesday . Minnesota , meanwhile , will visit Charlotte on Monday .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 54 - 10 ) bounced back from a rare loss with a 116 - 91 blowout of the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 20 - 45 ) on Tuesday . All-Star LaMarcus Aldridge paved the way for the Spurs , scoring 29 points on ridiculous 11 - for - 13 shooting . Aldridge , who has seen an uptick in defensive output since joining San_Antonio , also contributed four blocks to the effort . The Spurs well - known veteran `` Big Three '' of Tim Duncan , Manu Ginobili , and Tony Parker all sat out the game due to injury , allowing players like Aldridge and emerging superstar Kawhi Leonard to control the game . Leonard was only asked to play 25 minutes , but scored 15 points and pulled down five rebounds against the Wolves . San_Antonio has been a contender all season while not relying heavily on three - point shooting , as was illustrated by the Spurs ' bold 116 points on 56 percent shooting while hitting just four threes . The young Timberwolves saw strong performances from both of their first overall picks despite the blowout loss . Rookie sensation Karl-Anthony Towns showed off with 19 points and nine rebounds while shooting 9 - for - 17 from the field . Sophomore Andrew Wiggins , the reigning Rookie of the Year , led the team with 23 points and also pulled down eight rebounds . While things did seem to click in some aspects for Minnesota , nothing could stop the historic powerhous Spurs . San_Antonio will host the Bulls on Thursday . Minnesota will visit the dominant Thunder on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 63 - 7 ) defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves ( 22 - 48 ) 109 - 104 , Monday at Target Center . The Timberwolves came out to play in this one , as they stayed neck - and - neck with the Warriors right to the wire . The score was 59 - 58 for Golden_State at half but Minnesota came out tough in the third quarter , going up by eight after a 100 run , with 1:44 left in the quarter . The Timberwolves then held the lead for much of the fourth quarter until the Warriors took it back for the last time , with 1:47 left in the game , as they went up 103 - 101 on a dunk by Draymond Green . The Warriors avoided what would have been their first back - to - back losses of the season by hanging in there on a night their stars were struggling . Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson shot a combined 11 - 31 from the field , however Klay went 5 - 5 from downtown . Curry finished with 19 points , 11 assists , seven rebounds and three steals , but shot only 2 - 9 from deep . Thompson totaled 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green was the one to pick up the slack , as he chipped in 24 points ( 10 - 13 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) , nine rebounds , six assists , three steals and three blocked shots , in 36 minutes . The Warriors gave up an uncharacteristic 17 turnovers , 14 of which came in the second half . Karl-Anthony Towns , Andrew Wiggins and Ricky Rubio each had big performances , as they almost showed - up the reigning champs . Towns posted 24 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds , two assists and a block . Ricky Rubio also notched a double - double , finishing with 20 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , 11 assists , four rebounds and four steals , however he also gave up six turnovers . Wiggins added 25 points ( 8 - 21 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , five rebounds , four assists , one steal and one blocked shot , in 40 minutes . The Timberwolves tallied 26 assists on 36 field goals , while shooting 44 percent from the field . Next , the Warriors will host the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday . The Timberwolves host the Kings on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 23 - 48 ) defeated the visiting Sacramento Kings ( 27 - 44 ) 113 - 104 , Wednesday at Target Center . Karl-Anthony Towns took advantage of the fact that Sacramento was missing DeMarcus Cousins , who sat out with a sore knee . Towns piled up 26 points and 11 rebounds , as he led the Timberwolves in an impressive team win . The game went back - and - forth with 14 lead changes , before Minnesota began to widen the gap midway through the fourth quarter . The Timberwolves have now won all three match - ups versus the Kings this season , with one more on April 7th . Towns had four blocked shots and two assists to add to his already impressive stat line , but the contribution of Minnesota 's other young stars was equally impressive . Ricky Rubio finished with 12 assists , seven points , five rebounds and three steals , despite foul trouble . Zach LaVine and Andrew Wiggins chipped in 23 points each , while Gorgui Dieng added 16 points and 12 rebounds . The Timberwolves missed 14 free throws but shot 56 percent from the field and 38 percent from deep , en route to the win . Sacramento had balanced scoring throughout the line - up as the bench stepped up in the absence of DeMarcus Cousins . Six players scored in double figures , including Rajon Rondo who led the way . Rondo finished with 12 assists , eight rebounds and three steals , along with his team - high 25 points . Kosta Koufos was solid in place of Cousins , as he finished with 15 points , 15 rebounds and two blocked shots , in 38 minutes . The Kings ' bench was good for 40 points , but the effort came up short against the speedy Timberwolves squad . Next , the Kings host the Suns on Friday . The Timberwolves will play in Washington on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 36 - 37 ) defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves ( 24 - 49 ) 93 - 84 , Saturday evening at Target Center . This was a much - needed victory for the Jazz as they came into this game tied with Dallas for the eighth seed and only a half - game behind seventh place Houston . Their opponent , the Timberwolves , despite their record , have been a formidable foe over their last seven games , winning won four - of - seven , as well as their last two in a row . Minnesota started out terribly slow , with a 10 - point first quarter , but managed to cut the deficit to one by half time . The teams matched each other in the third quarter , leaving the fourth to decide the game . Utah used a 90 run , culminating at the 8:30 mark in the fourth quarter , in order to create some separation , which they were then able to maintain until the final buzzer . The Jazz used a balanced team effort to emerge victorious , as four players scored 15 or more points , while the team played solid defense and rebounded well . Gordon Hayward was solid , with 18 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocked shots , in 39 minutes , while Derrick Favors added 19 points , five rebounds , two assists and two blocks , in 34 minutes . Rodney Hood finished with 15 points , four rebounds and four assists , in 33 minutes . The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field and 43 percent from long range , en route to their 14th victory on the road . The Timberwolves were not able to win their third straight , but still managed to put up a good fight , as they shot 38 percent from the field , 36 percent from deep and hit 16 - of - 19 free throws . Ricky Rubio led the Timberwolves in points , assists and steals , as he finished with 23 points , six assists , five rebounds , four steals and one blocked shot , in 30 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns chipped in 14 points and 11 rebounds , while Andrew Wiggins added 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . No other Timberwolves players scored in double digits , as the rest of the team accounted for only 34 points . Next , the Timberwolves will host the Suns on Monday . The Jazz have an opportunity to grab another win and get closer to securing a spot in the top eight , when they host the Lakers on Monday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 39 - 38 ) helped their push for the playoffs on Sunday with an 88 - 78 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 51 ) . Dallas holds just a half - game lead over the Utah Jazz for seventh place in the Western Conference and a one - game lead over the Houston Rockets for playoff berth . The Mavericks earned a much - needed win in Minnesota on Sunday , finishing with a double - digit win over the struggling Timberwolves . Point guard J.J. Barea led the team with 21 points , also tacking on six assists en route to the victory . Barea 's backcourt partner Wesley Matthews , meanwhile , scored 19 points including six makes from three - point territory . Three-point shooting in general provided an edge to the Mavericks , who hit 14 shots from deep in comparison to just four for the Wolves . Dallas will have a tough road ahead , facing matchups against the Rockets and Jazz with major playoff implications . After a league - worst finish in 2014 - 15 , the Timberwolves are preparing to close the book on a season that has shown promise for the struggling franchise . A big part of the team 's improvement in the wins column has been odds - on Rookie of the Year favorite Karl-Anthony Towns . Towns exploded for a career - high 21 rebounds on Sunday , and was just a single assist away from his first career triple - double . Reigning Rookie of the Year Andrew Wiggins , meanwhile , led the game with 30 points . The sophomore has seen a big improvement to his scoring game , establishing himself as the team 's primary option on offense . Unlike Dallas , the team struggled from three - point territory , hitting just four of 24 shots taken from beyond the arc . The Mavericks will host the Rockets on Wednesday , while Minnesota will visit Golden State on Tuesday .
The Houston Rockets ( 40 - 41 ) took care of business against the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 28 - 53 ) on Monday in a 129 - 105 win . Only one of these teams had something to play for and it was evident by this result . Houston got at it early , as they had a 17 - point lead after the first quarter and 29 - point lead headed into the fourth . The offense was on point , as they shot 56 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . The Rockets needed a win here to keep their playoffs hopes alive and they made no doubt of that here . James Harden stepped up big time , as he tallied 34 points and six assists in just three quarters of play . Dwight Howard played well too , as he totaled 19 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , in a 10 - point , 10 - rebound outing . Houston 's final game will be on Wednesday against the Sacramento Kings . Minnesota had nothing to play for in this game and the simply didn’t show up . Shabazz Muhammad led the team with 23 points off the bench , as he went 9 - for - 13 from the field . Zach LaVine led the starters with 21 points . Nemana Bjelica contines to surprise , as he provided 11 points and 14 rebounds off the bench . The Timberwolves final game is on Wednesday against the New Orleans Pelicans .
Karl-Anthony Towns became only the sixth player since 1973 - 74 to record at least 1,400 points , 850 rebounds and 100 blocks in his rookie season , as the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 29 - 53 ) crushed the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 30 - 52 ) on Wednesday night , 144 - 109 , at Target Center . The Timberwolves ' 144 points is a franchise high . After a close first couple of minutes the Timberwolves ran away with this one , beginning with a 40 - point first quarter . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a game - high 28 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) on stellar shooting , along with 14 rebounds , three assists , two blocked shots and one steal . This was Towns ' 51st double - double of the season . Shabazz Muhammad also had a great shooting night as he poured in 28 points ( 12 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) of his own . Tyus Jones dished a career - high 12 assists , along with nine points and no turnovers , in 26 minutes off the bench . Although their season comes to an end , the Timberwolves have plenty to look forward to with their solid young core . James Ennis led the way for the Pelicans , with 28 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 6 - 11 3Pt ) . Omer Asik put up big numbers with 24 points and 11 rebounds , in 32 minutes , while Toney Douglas added 22 points , five assists , four rebounds and four steals , in 42 minutes . This has been an injury - riddled season for the Pelicans , who can only hope for better luck next year .
On the second night of a home - and - home series the Phoenix Suns ( 2 - 1 ) defeated Portland Trail_Blazers ( 1 - 2 ) for the second time in a row , proving that they have got the upper hand this season . This was a close game for three quarters with 18 lead changes . It was a one point game early in the fourth quarter but Phoenix ultimately showed more composure in order to come up with the 11 point victory after a 27 - 19 fourth quarter . Phoenix 's backcourt showed off a lot of firepower and all around sound play Saturday night as they led the way to a good win over Portland . Eric Bledsoe led all scorers with an impressive 33 points on 12 - 21 shooting , 7 - 11 free throws , along with six assists , three rebounds , four steals and two blocks , absolutely filling the stat sheet like a fantasy players dream . Meanwhile Brandon Knight chipped in 27 points on 10 - 19 shooting and 4 - 9 from distance . Knight also contributed five rebounds , five assists and two steals . The Suns ' big offseason pickup Tyson Chandler cleaned up the glass with nine defensive rebounds and two offensive . Markeiff Morris turned out good numbers in only 22 minutes , scoring 15 points and pulling down nine boards . As for Portland , only 19 points came from the bench on 7 - 21 shooting . The lack of production from Portland 's bench meant a lot of minutes and a lot of pressure for their starters and this will likely be the case all season unless they find some help . The Trail_Blazers are still awaiting the return of Gerald Henderson who should provide an extra scoring touch . On the bright side Damian Lillard did his usual business scoring 23 points on 8 - 17 shooting , while adding eight assists and four rebounds . Lillard also had 5 turnovers . Solid efforts also came from Al-Farouq Aminu who chipped in 16 points , seven rebounds and five assists and C.J. McCollum who added 15 points five rebounds and four assists . Both teams have a day off before getting back into action on Monday . Portland will be at Minnesota , while Phoenix will be at Los Angeles to face the Clippers .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 2 ) got redemption against the Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 3 ) on Thursday night , with a 115 - 96 victory . The Grizz not only swept the Blazers in the season series last year but also eliminated them from the first round of the playoffs with a swift 4 - 1 series win . However , even without LaMarcus Aldridge , Damian Lillard and the Blazers were able to cruise to a big win over the Grizzlies this time around . Portland was led by none other than Lillard who scored 27 points on 9/18 shooting , including 7 - 11 from three . Lillard also dished five assists and had no turnovers . C.J. McCollum , who has combined with Lillard to represent the second highest scoring duo this season , added 20 points , four rebounds and five assists , to help lead the way for Portland on Thursday night . The hot back courth had help as four other players scored in double digits . Meyers Leonard shot 5 - 7 on his way to 14 points , five rebounds and two assists . Al-Farouq Aminu contributed 11 points and 10 rebounds , while Mason Plumlee did his part with eight points and 12 rebounds . Maurice Harkless had an all around game and came up big with 10 points on 4 - 5 shooting along with three rebounds and four assists . Memphis was surprisingly out - rebounded by Portland 47 - 36 and did not seem to have the gas to keep up with the spry Blazers team . Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph set the pace for Memphis as usual . Randolph had 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Gasol had 15 points , five rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Courtney Lee also played a good game with 18 points on 6 - 10 shooting . Memphis did not have any bench player score over nine points and lacked the spark needed to out - shine the young Blazers . Off the bench Matt Barnes gave his usual gritty effort and filled the stat sheet with five points , five rebounds , three assists and one block . Beno Udrih chipped in nine points and six assists , shooting 4 - 5 , 1 - 1 from three , in 16 minutes . Next up for the Grizz is a trip to Utah , where they will face another young and talented Western team . Perhaps the Grizzlies ' window of opportunity in the West is fading , we will see Saturday night . Portland on the other hand does not play until Sunday , when they host Detroit . That will be an interesting match up to watch as Detroit has a some pep in their step so far this season .
The Detroit Pistons ( 5 - 1 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 3 ) 120 - 103 on Sunday . The Pistons continued their fantastic start to the season on Sunday in a matchup of the two surprise teams in the NBA . The game seemed to be in Portland 's hands going into the fourth quarter , but the Pistons really turned it on over the final 12 minutes , outscoring Portland 41 - 11 . Amazingly , Detroit somehow prevailed while allowing 54 percent shooting from the Blazers , while shooting 49 percent on their own end . The key to the loss for Portland was their propensity to turn the ball over , as they committed 22 turnovers in the loss . Detroit was once again led by Andre Drummond and Reggie Jackson , who are arguably becoming the best point guard - center tandem in the NBA right now . Drummond put together another ridiculous line , as he tallied 29 points , 27 rebounds , two steals and three blocks in the victory . That now puts his rebounding average at 20 per game and that leads the league by nearly seven boards a game . Point guard Reggie Jackson also had another spectacular performance , accumulating a career - high 40 points , five rebounds and five assists in the win . These two are simply on a different level right now and it 's easy to see why Detroit has started off so well . Detroit will look to build off this fantastic comeback om Monday in their toughest test of the season when they take on the Warriors in the second half of a back - to - back . The Blazers completely fell apart in the fourth quarter , as they shot 4 - for - 18 from the field in an 11 - point quarter , while allowing 41 points on the defensive end . This is a very tough loss for this young Portland team , but they have to be satisfied with the 4 - 3 start . Damian Lillard put in yet another fine effort on Sunday , totaling 26 points and 11 assists in the loss . He is now averaging over 27 points and seven assists a game and appears to be an early favorite to make his first All-Star team . The Blazers got 15 points off the bench from Allen Crabbe , but the rest of the bench combined for only 11 points . Portland will look to rebound in their next game on Monday when they take on the Nuggets in the second half of a back - to - back .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 6 - 2 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 4 - 5 ) Wednesday 113 - 101 at the Moda Center in Portland . It wasn’t the most dominating performance by the Spurs , but it was steady and methodical . LaMarcus Aldridge led the way in his return to Portland , scoring a game - high 23 points and grabbing six rebounds in 35 minutes amongst the boos that rained down on him from fans every time touched the ball . Kawhi Leonard was equally as effective , recording 20 points and seven rebounds in 35 minutes of his own . Many Ginobili put in his best performance of the season , coming off the bench to score 14 points and play some crucial defense down the stretch . For the Trail_Blazers , they were once again led by their dynamic backcourt pairing of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum , who combined to score 43 points , but shot just 16 - for - 40 from the field . Lillard added nine assists and six rebounds of his own . Beyond those two , no Trail_Blazers put in very impressive performances . However , Gerald Henderson looked healthy for the first time since having hip surgery in July , scoring 12 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting in just 18 minutes off the bench . Up next , the Spurs will head home Saturday to take on the 76ers , while the Trail_Blazers will travel to Memphis Friday to play the Grizzlies .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 5 - 9 ) got the win Friday night by a score of 102 - 91 over the inconsistent Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 6 ) . This was a close game most of the way and was tied at the beginning of the fourth but the Blazers had the stronger resolve and out - scored the Clippers 27 - 18 in the last 11 minutes to earn the nine - point victory . The Clippers have been unable to maintain any consistent play so far this season and now find themselves with a 6 - 6 record and in the middle of the pack in the West . They had balanced scoring Friday night , with five players in double digits . Blake Griffin was the high scorer for the Clips , finishing with 21 points , seven assists and seven rebounds . Griffin shot 10 - 20 from the field in 33 minutes . DeAndre Jordan had a double - double with 12 points , 15 rebounds and two blocked shots . Jamal Crawford was big off the bench , shooting 5 - 8 from three - point range and finishing with 20 points . The Clippers as a team however shot a poor 29 percent from three - point range . J.J. Redick made his return to the line up after being out with back - spasms but did not play well . The Trail_Blazers were led by none other than their all - star point guard , Damian Lillard , who scored 11 points , including three three pointers in the last six minutes to help Portland seal the deal . Lillard played 38 minutes and finished with 27 points , seven assists and four rebounds . Four other players scored in double digits for Portland , including 18 points and 10 rebounds from Mason Plumlee . C.J. MacCollum also scored 18 points . Ed Davis had a huge game off the bench shooting 7 - 8 from the field and finishing with 17 points and 15 rebounds in 30 minutes . Next up for Portland is a visit to the Staples center in L.A. on Sunday but this time for a match with the Lakers . The Clippers will look to turn their luck around on Sunday as the Toronto Raptors come to town .
The Chicago Bulls ( 9 - 4 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 6 - 10 ) 93 - 88 on Tuesday thanks to some quality defense . This appeared to be an offensive - heavy game on paper , but the defenses showed up in a big way to make for a low - scoring grinder . Both teams failed to crack 40 percent shooting from the field and no individual player scored more than 22 points in the slugfest . Coming into the game , the Bulls had led the league in rebounding due to their massive frontcourt , but they were actually out - rebounded here 55 - 44 against a far more inferior frontcourt . The Blazers also recorded nine blocks in the game compared to the Bulls three and it 's shocking that they lost with these sort of statistics in their favor . The Blazers starters shot under 30 percent from the field and that very well may have been the difference in the game . Chicago pulled out a huge victory on the road here in a game where they had no right to win . They were outdone in almost every significant statistic , but just played hard on the defensive end to pull out a nail - biter . Derrick Rose made his return in this game after a three - game absence and played well , tallying 17 points , six assists and four rebounds across 34 minutes of action . Jimmy Butler led the team with 22 points and Pau Gasol put in a double - double as well , totaling 12 points and 14 rebounds in the win . This is the sort of victory that shows the versatility and grittiness of this team and that 's a scary sight for every other team in the NBA . Chicago has a few days off until they face the Indiana Pacers on Friday on the road . The Blazers played extremely well here and were unfortunate not to come away with a win . No player on the Blazers cracked the 20 - point mark and the closest one was Damian Lillard , who had an awful shooting night . Lillard shot 4 - for - 22 from the field to accumulate 19 points , but he did flirt with a triple - double by collecting 10 rebounds and eight assists as well . His usage rate was well above 30 before this game and that number will probably go up after a performance like this . The best player on this evening was Mason Plumlee though , as he put in a career performance . Plumlee recorded an 11 point - 17 rebound double - double in the loss and was a beast all night long . He 's been a huge surprise this season for Portland and it appears they got a steal with him in the offseason . The Blazers are in a rough stretch right now , but they should be able to grab a win when they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday in their next scheduled game .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 11 - 8 ) beat the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 7 - 12 ) 115 - 112 in an overtime thriller on Tuesday . This was a game of runs , as Dallas made the final one to close things out . The Mavericks actually came out and grabbed a 20 - 5 lead , but were then trailing at the half . Dallas ended up trailing for the majority of the second half , until ending the game on a 70 run to send it to overtime . All the statistics were very similar and this was as much of a nip - and - tuck game as you 'll see in the NBA . Dallas has been playing some great basketball this season and that continued of Tuesday . While they only got 16 points off the bench , they got some great performances from their veterans . Deron Williams was the star of the show , as he tallied 30 points , eight assists and six rebounds in the win . Dirk Nowitzki also played very well , as he totaled 28 points , seven rebounds and six assists . Zaza Pachulia is the undervalued stud on this team , as he recorded 14 points and 21 rebound en route to yet another double - double . These veterans have made an impressive core and they 'll be even scarier when Chandler Parsons and Wesley Matthews get back to 100 % health . The Mavericks will host the struggling Houston Rockets in their next game on Friday . The Blazers were unsure if Damian Lillard would play in this game after an ab issue on Monday , but he played and nearly carried Portland to a win . Lillard flirted with a triple - double , as he tallied 25 points , 10 assists and eight rebounds in the defeat . The rest of the starters killed Portland though , as the other four combined for just 14 points with C.J. McCollum providing 11 of those . The bench was spectacular though , as Ed Davis recorded a double - double and Allen Crabbe , Gerald Henderson and Meyers Leonard all scored 18 or more points . The bench production is a rarity for this team and they 'll need more of that going forward . The Trail_Blazers will look to rebound in their next game against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday .
The New_York Knicks ( 11 - 14 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 10 - 15 ) 112 - 110 on Saturday . Carmelo Anthony turned in an impressive performance , flashing his signature mid - range game that led all scorers with 37 points on 13 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and two assists . Knicks rookie , Kristaps Porzingis , struggled for a third consecutive game , and finished the night with zero points and three rebounds in 19 minutes . Outside of Porzingis’ poor night , New_York shot efficiently as a unit , completing 52 percent on field goals and 43 percent from the 3 - point line . Derrick Williams , Kyle O’Quinn and Lance Thomas added double figures off the bench , which has been a consistent theme in the Knicks wins this year . Arron Afflalo added 15 points in the winning effort and shot 5 - of - 11 from deep . The bounce back win snapped a four game losing streak for New_York and they will look to continue to battle in the Eastern Conference when they return home on Wednesday . Damian Lillard continues to prove his elite guard status in the NBA , as the Trail_Blazers star scored 29 points with eight rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 28 shooting . His backcourt counterpart , C.J. McCollum , is beginning to receive most improved player nods from the broadcasts teams , as the Lehigh product finished the night with 22 points , three rebounds and one assist . The heavy 3 - point shooting Blazers struggled to find a rhythm from deep in the losing effort and only completed 29 percent of their long range game . The Knicks host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 13 ) on Wednesday , while the Trail_Blazers will stay home against the New Orleans Pelicans ( 6 - 17 ) on Monday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 15 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 6 - 18 ) 105 - 101 on Monday night . In a tightly contested game , the Blazers simply made more plays late than the Pelicans to pull out a big win . The teams both shot 44 percent from the field , but the big differences were on the glass and the ball movement . The Trail_Blazers outrebounded the Pelicans 50 - 41 and outassisted them 28 to 15 . The starting units were also a difference - maker , as Portland’s starters scored 73 points to New_Orleans 58 points . The Pelicans have had a rough season and the defense continues to let them down . They still rank dead - last in points allowed and struggle at rebounding as well . They are also 1 - 12 on the road this season , so that doesn’t help their cause much either . Anthony Davis led the team with 28 points , nine rebounds and five blocks in the loss . Tyreke Evans also had another impressive outing , as he tallied 19 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and four steals . The talent is clearly there , but they simply need to play better defense if they want to win some games . New_Orleans will play the offensively - challenged Utah Jazz on Wednesday and will look to get their defense going then . The Blazers continue to be led by point guard Damian Lillard and he is single - handedly carrying this team to victories right now . Tonight , he dropped 30 points while making 11 - of - 12 free throws . Mason Plumlee also had a great game , as he tallied 15 points , 13 rebounds , and six assists in the win . This is what they need , as the frontcourt has been subpar all season . This is an exciting team to watch with their guard - play , but it 's not the recipe to win NBA games when they have no dominant post presence . Portland will look to build off this win when they play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 12 - 20 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 9 ) 105 - 76 on Saturday . Cleveland dropped their second straight , as part of a four game road trip that started at the Warriors on Christmas Day . The Cavs looked exhausted , and were without point guard Kyrie Irving ( rest ) , who just returned from a knee injury stemming back to the NBA Finals . LeBron James struggled with his jump shot all night and finished with 12 points , four rebounds and five assists on 4 - of - 13 shooting . The all star forward also failed to contribute a 3 - pointer after misfiring three attempts . The loss is not entirely on James , as the team struggled as a whole . Kevin Love scored 13 points , to go along with five rebounds , while Matthew Dellavedova added 10 points on 2 - of - 4 3 - point shooting . Richard Jefferson provided 10 points off the bench , which rounded out the only players in double figures for the Cavs . Cleveland shot 36 from the floor and committed 17 turnovers ( compared to the Blazers 9 turnovers ) in the losing effort . Cleveland will look to bounce back when they visit the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 19 ) on Monday . Portland was without Damian Lillard ( foot ) , who missed only his third career game , but received an all around strong shooting performance from the starters in his absence . Allen Crabbe led all scorers with 26 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , and C.J. McCollum pitched in a volume effort that resulted in 16 points , four rebounds and six assists . Meyers Leonard , Mason Plumlee and Al-Farouq Aminu finished in double figures to aid the Lillard-less Blazers . Portland took care of the ball , spaced the floor and took advantage of a tired Cavs team . The bench was not entirely efficient , but the Blazers shot 46 percent from the floor and continued to push the pace to keep a double digit lead for three quarters of play . Portland will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 12 - 17 ) on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 23 - 13 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 15 - 23 ) 109 - 98 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The Los_Angeles Clippers extended their winning streak to seven games , as Chris Paul commanded the floor to the tune of 21 points and 19 assists , as part of a mostly easy victory over the Trail_Blazers . Paul’s court vision and ability to set up DeAndre Jordan underneath the rim , while also finding sniper J.J. Reddick , was instrumental in the road victory . The Clippers had to stave off a late comeback attempt , but Paul Pierce nailed five 3 - pointers on his way to 17 points , to go along with four rebounds and one assist , to hold off the late Blazers surge . DeAndre Jordan added 14 points and 14 rebounds , while Reddick contributed 20 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Austin Rivers is developing into a more efficient scorer , especially when the ball handling responsibilities are put more on Pablo Prigioni when Paul is off the floor . Rivers finished with 16 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting in 25 minutes . The Clippers shot 51 percent as a unit and are climbing their way towards the top of the Western Conference , as they are just one game behind the Thunder for the third spot . The Clippers will look to continue their winning streak when they host the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 17 ) on Saturday . Damian Lillard started his second game back from injury , but still struggled to find his shot , as the all star point guard scored 20 points on 25 shots , in addition to seven rebounds and nine points . In a strange clerical error , the Blazers were without backcourt partner C.J. McCollum , as they mistakenly submitted a roster with him on the inactive list , instead of teammate Luis Montero . Allen Crabbe started in favor of McCollum and contributed 11 points , while Mason Plumlee scored 19 points , including some late buckets to trim the Clippers game long lead in the 4th quarter . Ed Davis and Meyers Leonard were beneficial off the bench , adding 12 points and 10 points , respectively , in the losing effort . The Trail_Blazers will welcome the reigning MVP , Stephen Curry , and the Golden State Warriors ( 33 - 2 ) on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 34 - 2 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 15 - 24 ) 128 - 108 on Friday night . When you think of the Golden_State Warriors , this is the type of performance that comes to mind . They shot and scored at will here against a beleaguered opponent . In fact , the Warriors had 106 points through three quarters and shot an incredible 53 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range . The ball movement was incredible as well , as they recorded 36 assists to the Blazers 21 . Portland was no slouch on the scoreboard , but they shot below 40 percent from the field in the loss . Golden_State hasn’t been as sharp recently , but they were as sharp as a razor here . They sliced this Portland team into oblivion and showed why they are the most feared team in the NBA . The Splash Brothers were in full force as well , as Klay Thompson dropped 36 points , while Steph Curry dropped 26 of his own . It wasn’t just the scoring though , as the two combined for 14 assists and nine rebounds as well . What 's especially impressive there is that neither of the splash brothers played more than four minutes in the fourth quarter . Draymond Green was back on the triple - double train , as he recorded his league - leading sixth of the season here in the win . Golden_State will look to keep this going against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday , who are one of the worst defenses in the NBA . Portland was simply outmatched here against the Warriors and the only player who showed up was Damian Lillard . The star point guard collected 40 points and 10 assists in a spectacular performance . The strange part about all this is that the Blazers were playing far better without Lillard in the lineup the last couple of weeks and it 's a wonder if he 's hampering the team with his high usage rate . In any case , it 's hard to imagine a player who can drop 40 and 10 is a hindrance on any team . The major problem with this team is that there 's no scoring punch outside of Lillard , C.J. McCollum and Allen Crabbe , as no other player scored in double - figures aside from those three in this game . Portland has another tough task in their next game , when they have to host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 17 - 24 ) defeated the visiting Utah Jazz ( 17 - 21 ) 99 - 85 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The Trail_Blazers came into this game 3 games behind the Jazz for eighth spot in the West , making it a huge contest for either team . Portland outplayed Utah in this one , fair and square . The Trail_Blazers pulled down 17 offensive rebounds and were plus - 16 on the glass in total . The Blazers ' dominance on the glass was a big factor in them being able to take 22 more field goal attempts than the Jazz . Utah was missing Derrick Favours , who was a game - time decision . Portland is now 2 - 1 in the season series versus Utah . Six players scored in double digits for Portland . Damian Lillard was three rebounds away from a triple - double as he notched 21 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , 10 assists and seven rebounds , along with two steals , in 28 minutes . C.J. McCollum shot a poor 6 - 20 from the field but still contributed 15 points , eight assists and three rebounds , in 33 minutes . Gerald Henderson chipped in 12 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt ) , two assists and two rebounds , in 16 minutes off the bench . Portland logged 10 blocks in the game , including four by Al-Farouq Aminu . Gordon Hayward and Rodney Hood both scored 19 points for the Jazz . Hayward added nine assists , six rebounds and two steals , in 33 minutes . Rookie Trey Lyles was solid , starting in place of Favours . He finished with 16 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) and two rebounds , in 25 minutes . Trey Burke chipped in 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG ) , three rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Jazz will face the second night of a back to back , as they host the Kings on Thursday . The Kings are another team that is just behind the Jazz in the standings and looking to change that . The Trail_Blazers will begin a three - game road trip against the Nets , on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 17 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 19 - 26 ) 104 - 98 at Moda Center on Wednesday . The Hawks earned a tough road win in what was an all around excellent game that provided drama down to the last few possessions . While Kyle Korver has struggled throughout the season , he did pitch in an important three - pointer that broke a 84 - 84 tie midway through the fourth quarter . Paul Millsap drained a long ball a few possessions later to all but sink the Blazers hopes with just over two minutes left . Millsap was one of the leaders for Atlanta and finished with 23 points , nine rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 10 shooting , including a perfect 3 of 3 from behind the arc . Kent Bazemore matched Millsap with 23 points , and added five rebounds and five assists . Jeff Teague scored 14 points and dished out six assists , but was better on the defensive end in his matchup against Damian Lillard . The Hawks sit in third place in the Eastern Conference and will continue their west coast trip when they visit the Sacramento Kings ( 17 - 24 ) on Thursday . The Blazers play with a lot of heart and even though Millsap’s three - pointer was back breaking down the stretch , they fought tooth and nail through the end , and even forced Kyle Korver to turn the ball over , down four points , with under one minute left . Portland was unable to get within striking distance after the turnover , but were led by C.J. McCollum , who has risen into a star alongside Damian Lillard . McCollum finished with 28 points , which led all scorers , and pitched in three rebounds and three assists on 12 - of - 23 shooting . Lillard was not as effective as his backcourt partner , but still contributed 18 points , five rebounds and six assists on 22 shots in 36 minutes . Portland fell victim to three - point shooting , which can make or break a team in a close game , as they shot just 29 percent from three - point range . It was an unfortunate home loss for Portland , as they won the rebounding battle , but shot themselves out of what could have been one of the better wins of the season . The Blazers will head south to meet with the Los Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 35 ) at Staples Center on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 21 - 26 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 25 ) 112 - 97 at Moda Center on Tuesday . The Kings entered the contest on the second game of a back - to - back after a tough double overtime loss to the Hornets on Monday . DeMarcus Cousins scored a league high 56 points against Charlotte , but was far from his league leading January numbers against the Blazers . Sacramento looked exhausted , as expected after playing six periods , and ran out of steam at the beginning of the third quarter . They did hang with Portland for first half and entered the third quarter down six points , but the Blazers extended their six point lead to as many as 20 midway through the fourth quarter . Cousins inefficiency resulted in missed opportunities , as he finished with 17 points on 4 - of - 21 shooting , and injured his hand in the second half , which took him out of the game for a brief moment before returning to action the following possession . Rajon Rondo added 15 points and 11 assists , marking his 23rd double - double of the season , and uncharacteristically took 17 shots in the loss . Omri Casspi , Willie Cauley-Stein and Marco Belinelli also finished in double figures , but no combination of minutes was able to overcome a gassed Kings squad . Sacramento will take a day off before visiting the New Orleans Pelicans ( 16 - 28 ) on Thursday . Portland opened up the floor in the second half and used pace to their advantage , which allowed them to pull ahead by double figures and coast to their 21st win of the season . It was an important win , as the Blazers and Kings are currently battling for the 8 - seed in the Western Conference . Led by point guard Damian Lillard , who scored 15 points and added 13 dimes , the floor general spaced the floor , resulting in seven Blazers finishing in double figures . CJ McCollum led all Blazers in scoring with 18 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , Mason Plumlee added 12 points and Noah Vonleh scored 10 points of his own . The Portland bench was equally impressive as the starting five , combining for 50 points led by the combination of Allen Crabbe ( 13 points ) , Ed Davis ( 11 points ) and Gerald Henderson ( 15 points ) . Portland will play their second game of a back - to - back when they host the Charlotte Hornets ( 22 - 23 ) on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 22 - 26 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 22 - 25 ) 109 - 91 on Friday night . The final score would indicate a blowout , but this game was close throughout . In fact , it was a single - digit deficit with three minutes left , before the Blazers went on a late run to put it out of hand . The Trail_Blazers dominated in the second and third quarters , as they outscored the Hornets by 18 points in that 24 - minute stretch . Portland 's defense was key , as they held Charlotte to 39 percent shooting and drew 16 turnovers in the win . In the Nicolas Batum return game , things didn’t go as hoped . Batum shot terribly , as he went just 1 - for - 11 from the field , but did dish out eight assists . Kemba Walker didn’t shoot much better , as he went 4 - for - 13 to tally 14 points , four assists and four steals in the loss . It was the bench that kept them in the game , with Brian Roberts scoring 17 points , while Tyler Hansbrough double - doubled . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist played his first game of the season here as well and played pretty well , as he amassed 13 points and seven rebounds in his return . Marvin Williams led the team with 20 points and also snatched down nine rebounds . The Hornets have a much better chance to win in their next game , when they play the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . This now gives Portland three - straight wins with all three coming by at least 15 points . It was Damian Lillard who daggered the Hornets , as he hit some late shots en route to his 22 points , five rebounds , six assists and three steal line . Al-Farouq Aminu and Mason Plumlee each double - doubled with the two combining for 30 points and 24 rebounds in the win . Allen Crabbe also gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 20 points in the victory . The Trail_Blazers now currently sit in the eight - seed in the Western Conference and that 's quite the accomplishment considering the preseason expectations . They 'll look to keep up their good play against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday in their next game .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 23 - 26 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 35 ) 96 - 93 at Moda Center on Sunday . Minnesota started off strong behind Karl-Anthony Towns and gained an early advantage by leading most of the first quarter , but turnovers and Andrew Wiggins poor shooting effort turned the momentum towards Portland down the stretch . Both teams entered the second quarter tied at 21 point each , but the combination of Ed Davis rebounding and Damian Lillard’s shooting in a 48 - 39 lead in favor of the Blazers at halftime . The second half was not dominated by the Blazers until the fourth quarter , where Davis and Lillard continued to do damage from the foul line . Portland was led in scoring by the backcourt duo of Lillard and CJ McCollum , who both scored 21 points and combined for nine assists and five rebounds in an almost equal 32 minutes of playing time . Ed Davis’ night was not reflected accurately by the box score , as seven of his eight points came at the foul line , but Davis strong defensively with a plus - minus of 10 , to go along with four rebounds . Meyers Leonard aided Davis off the bench and contributed 13 points and six boards in 31 minutes , while Gerald Henderson finished in double - figures as well . The Timberwolves rebounded better the Blazers and played a physical game beneath the basket , led by Karl-Anthony Towns’ 21 points and 13 rebounds , which marked his 25th double - double of the season . Andrew Wiggins was able to get some points at the charity stripe , but his inefficient performance cost the Wolves when the game was within striking distance during the third quarter . Wiggins finished with 15 points ( 3 - of - 18 FG , 0 - of - 4 3PT , 9 - of - 12 FT ) , two assists and nine rebounds . Ricky Rubio rounded out the stat sheet with 15 points , eight assists and four rebounds , while Gorgui Dieng pitched in a double - double as a starter . The Timberwolves will look to bounce back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 40 ) on Tuesday , while the Blazers will also play Tuesday and host the Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 29 ) .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 24 - 26 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 20 - 31 ) 107 - 95 on Tuesday to gain sole possession of the Western Conference eighth seed . Breakout star CJ McCollum led the rising Blazers in scoring with 30 . McCollum stuffed the stat sheet , finishing with an additional four rebounds , six assists , two blocks , and two steals . Point guard Damian Lillard , meanwhile , scored below his season average with just 14 , but totalled a whopping 12 assists on the night . Portland shot a respectable 46 percent on the night as a team , while holding a 49 - 43 advantage on the glass . Milwaukee , a playoff team in 2014 - 15 , has slid deep into the lottery picture so far this season . With the loss to Portland , the Bucks have now dropped six of their last seven contests . In Tuesday 's contest , Milwaukee , the worst three - point shooting team in the association , again struggled from deep , hitting just five three - pointers in comparison to their opponent 's eleven . Shooting guard Khris Middleton did offer some hope for the strugglin squad , pouring in 22 points while providing defensive hustle that led to three steals . The Bucks will travel to Utah on Friday to take on the Jazz . Portland , on the other hand , will continue their homestand on Thursday against the Raptors .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 28 - 27 ) defeated the visiting Golden_State Warriors ( 48 - 5 ) 137 - 105 on Friday night at Moda Center . The trouncing started right away as Portland scored 42 points in the first quarter and then outscored the Warriros 69 - 43 in the second half to hand Golden_State its worst loss since February 2013 . Damian Lillard was on another level , perhaps aiming to prove something after not being selected as an All-Star . Lillard scored a career - high 51 points on 18 - of - 28 shooting , including 9 - of - 12 from three - point range . He added seven assists and six steals in 31 minutes . Lillard tied for the fourth most points in a game in franchise history , while setting a franchise record for three - pointers made . The Blazers extended their win streak to four games , improving to 13 - 3 in their last 16 games . They also snapped the Warriors ' 11 - game winning streak . C.J. McCollum finished with 21 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) , seven assists , four rebounds and two steals , in 32 minutes , while Mason Plumlee chipped in 12 points , five rebounds and five assists , in 20 minutes . As a team the Blazers shot a blazing 54 percent from the field and 57 percent from long range . Stephen Curry was no slouch in the loss , tallying 31 points ( 12 - 23 FG , 7 - 13 3Pt ) , five assists , three rebounds and two steals , in 26 minutes . Klay Thompson also did his usual thing as he contributed 23 points but it was not enough to match the heat of the Blazers . Draymond Green accumulated stats across the board with 14 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists , but other than this `` big three , '' the Warriors lacked significant contribution from the rest of the squad . They also gave up 20 turnovers as they were shocked back to reality after the break . The Warriors will visit the Clippers in L.A. on Saturday , for the second of a back - to - back . It will be a challenge for them to bounce back from this loss on the second night of a back - to - back on the road . The Trail_Blazers will host the Jazz on Sunday , as Portland will look to solidify its place in the top eight , while Utah looks to break in .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 29 - 27 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 27 - 28 ) 115 - 111 at Moda Center on Sunday . Damian Lillard continues to solidify his place as one of the best fourth quarter players in the NBA after driving to the rim twice in the waning minutes of the final period , which put the Blazers in the win column once again . Lillard put forth his fourth straight 30 - plus point performance , and although he fell short of his explosive 51 points against the Golden State Warriors , he did score 30 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting , the majority of which came in the second half . The final four minutes of regulation mostly came down to a defensive battle , where both teams earned stop after stop to keep their chances of winning in tact , which came to be the theme of the matchup that resulted in 12 lead changes and 13 times both teams were dead even . CJ McCollum led all scorers with a balanced game in both halves of play , scoring 31 points , to go along with three assists and one rebound on 11 - of - 21 shooting in 37 minutes . Mason Plumlee scrapped and clawed his way down the stretch and added nine points , nine rebounds and six assists , including two crucial passes to Lillard during the fourth quarter that set up the point guard to finish at the basket . The Jazz were led by the forward combination of Gordon Hayward and Derrick Favors , who combined for 43 points and 13 rebounds . Favors pulled down some fantastic rebounds on the offensive end , some of which he was outnumbered by 3 - 4 Blazers players . HIs five fouls became an unfortunate disadvantage late in the game . Rodney Hood contributed 18 points and two assists in the backcourt , while newcomer Shelvin Mack added 16 points and six assists in 24 minutes off the bench . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Blazers host the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 41 ) , while the Jazz host the Houston Rockets ( 28 - 28 ) .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 30 - 27 ) took care of business against the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 42 ) , beating them112 - 104 on Tuesday , The Blazers came into this game scorching hot and carried that form over in this win . They got off to a quick start , as they outscored the Nets 34 - 21 in the first quarter . The three - point shooting was a stark contrast between the two teams , as Brooklyn shot 3 - for - 12 , with the Trail_Blazers shooting 10 - for - 23 . The Nets actually made a run in the third quarter to make it close , but the Blazers made some big shots late to pull out the win . The Nets came into this game with four road wins on the season fought hard in a tough circumstance . Brook Lopez was fantastic in the loss , as he amassed 36 points , 10 rebounds and four steals in the loss . Joe Johnson continued his recent good form as well , as he tallied 19 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Up next for the Nets is a favorable matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday . This now gives Portland their 10th win in their last 11 games and they continue to climb up the standings . C.J. McCollum was the catalyst in this game , as he accumulated 34 points , six assists and five rebounds in the victory . Damian Lillard continued his torrid stretch as well , as he scored 34 points for his fifth - straight 30 - plus point game . On deck for the Blazers is a matchup against the Houston Rockets on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets ( 29 - 29 ) rallied from a 21 - point third - quarter deficit to beat the host Portland Trail_Blazers , 119 - 105 , on Thursday . James Harden finished with 46 points , leading Houston 's rally with 14 consecutive points late in the third quarter and into the fourth , tying , 95 - 95 , on a layup with 7:40 remaining . The Rockets pulled away late , outscoring the Trail_Blazers 24 - 10 down the stretch . Harden shot 16 of 26 from the field , including 4 of 9 from three - point range , adding eight assists and five rebounds . Dwight Howard totaled 19 points and 13 rebounds and Patrick Beverley had 14 points . Damian Lillard scored 23 for the Blazers ( 30 - 28 ) , who snapped a six - game winning streak . Lillard also saw his streak of five consecutive games with at least 30 points end . CJ McCollum added 20 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Blazers begin a six - game road trip Saturday at the Chicago Bulls . The Rockets play host to the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 34 - 31 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 33 ) 116 - 109 in overtime at Moda Center on Tuesday . In Portland , the fourth quarter has aptly been named “Lillard Time” and the nickname is fitting for the point guard who posted 41 points . While the ball normally finds Lillard’s hands when the game is on the line , it was C.J. McCollum who hit the clutch mid range jumper with 5 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter to tie the game , which led to an extra five minutes of play . John Wall had an open opportunity to win the game at the buzzer , but the shot bounced off the front of the rim , granted , Wall was essential in putting the Blazers on their heels late in the game . The two all - star point guards traded baskets in the overtime period , as Lillard hit a three pointer to go ahead by five points , but one possession later , Wall buried a three of his own to bring the game back within striking distance . Two and half minutes of missed opportunities from both teams dragged by until Lillard drove the lane and finished at the rim to put Portland up by four points with 24 seconds left , and they did not look back after that . The Wizards did a terrific job keeping Lillard off the ball during the fourth quarter , but overtime proved too much to handle . Alongside Lillard’s 41 points , he added 11 assists , five rebounds and one steal on 12 - of - 25 shooting . C.J. McCollum scored 18 points , but struggled with possession and turned the ball over six times in the rare outing for the shooting guard . The Portland Bench bailed out the rest of the starters , who combined for a lowly 14 points , as Meyers Leonard led the way 10 points , six rebounds and three assists . He earned some quality minutes in the fourth quarter and overtime , as coach Terry Stotts seemed to be a lot of trust in him down the stretch . John Wall and Marcin Gortat led the Wizards , and although Wall’s shooting rhythm took a while to get going , he played tremendous defense late in the game and kept his team in the game . Wall finished with 20 points , 11 assists and five rebounds on 8 - of - 25 shooting , including three buckets from behind the arc . Gortat added 19 points and 10 rebounds to complete the double - double , while Ramon Sessions put on a shooting clinic off the bench after scoring 21 points on 9 - of - 12 from the field . Both teams will be on the road on Friday , as the Wizards will take on the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 34 ) , while the Blazers will take on the Golden State Warriors ( 56 - 6 ) .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 38 - 36 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 64 ) 108 - 105 on Saturday . Portland simply could n't put away a feisty Sixers squad that 's made an occasional habit of giving playoff - caliber teams all they can handle this season . Even with Nerlens Noel missing a second straight game with a knee injury , Philadelphia found more than enough production from across their roster to keep them competitive . Four-fifths of their starting unit managed double - digit scoring , and the Sixers actually overtook the Blazers late in the fourth on the strength of back - to - back three - pointers by Hollis Thompson that gave them a 100 - 97 lead with 3:15 left . However , a subsequent 70 run by Portland , keyed by C.J. McCollum and Damian Lillard , gave the home team some short - lived breathing room . The Sixers managed to knot things up one more time , tying the Blazers at 105 with 23 seconds remaining on an Ish Smith jumper . A C.J. McCollum driving layup and subsequent free throw off a shooting foul on the play by Robert Covington then put Portland ahead for good with seven seconds remaining . The Sixers were led by a trio of 17 points efforts , two coming from members of their starting five . Smith added 14 rebounds , nine assists and a steal to his scoring haul , while Thompson also hauled in seven boards , dished out a pair of assists , and recorded a steal and a block . Covington contributed his scoring total off the bench over 30 minutes , and supplemented it with 11 rebounds and two steals . Jerami Grant was next with 13 points , seven rebounds , three assists and four blocks . Carl Landry , subbing for Noel on the night , pitched in with 12 points , two rebounds and an assist . Philadephia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the league . They head to Oakland to take on the Golden State Warriors on Easter Sunday . The Trail_Blazers ' attack was fronted by McCollum , who totaled 25 points , five assists , two rebounds , five steals and a block . Al-Farouq Aminu followed with 20 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Lillard and Maurice Harkless were next with a pair of 16 - point efforts . Lillard also registered seven assists and five rebounds , while Harkless complemented his scoring with eight boards , an assist , a steal and a block . Gerald Henderson paced the reserves with 11 points , three rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Portland remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well . They 're home again on Monday night to take on the Sacramento Kings .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 40 - 36 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 32 ) 116 - 109 at Moda Center on Thursday . The Celtics dropped their second straight game to Western Conference opponent’s in the back and forth affair that featured two of the craftier coaches in the NBA . Terry Stotts’ group got the better of Brad Stevens’ currently fourth seeded team . Boston was able to get their shots off terrific creation in the first half and entered the third quarter with a slim four point lead , but C.J. McCollum and Al-Farouq Aminu were all but unstoppable down the stretch to give the Blazers the edge . Aminu made up for a brutal shooting night from Damian Lillard , who simply could not get into a rhythm at any point , or break away from the defensive swarm sent his way . Lillard finished with 14 points on 3 - of - 16 shooting , and did the majority of his damage from the free throw line . Aminu bailed out the all - star point guard with one of his best performances of the season , as he finished with 28 points , nine rebounds , one assist and a steal on 11 - of - 19 shooting in 36 minutes . Gerald Henderson and Allen Crabbe were efficient off the bench and aided the starters with a combined 26 points and nine rebounds . While the Celtics have success against the Eastern Conference , they fail to impress against the talent that the Western Conference throws their way , granted they just got Jae Crowder ( ankle ) back from an eight game absence . The integral part Crowder plays on both ends of the floor will give Boston a boost heading into the playoffs , as proven by his 13 points , 10 boards and two assists . It might take some time for Crowder to find his three point shot again , but when he does it will only make the Celtics better . Avery Bradley and Isiah Thomas sliced and diced through the Portland defense in the first half , and came out of the contest with a combined 42 points and 10 rebounds . The west coast trip continues for the Celtics , as they face up against the league’s best Golden State Warriors ( 68 - 7 ) at Oracle Arena on Friday , while the Blazers welcome Dwyane Wade and the Miami Heat ( 43 - 31 ) on Saturday .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 43 - 37 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 54 - 25 ) 120 - 115 at Moda Center on Wednesday . Billy Donovan opted to rest most of his starters , as Russell Westbrook , Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka were all sidelined with the playoffs around the corner . The matchup worked in favor of the Blazers , as they now are in a deadlock with the Memphis Grizzlies for the 5 - seed in the Western Conference . Portland had little trouble handling the Enes Kanter led Oklahoma squad until the fourth quarter . Kanter flashed his brilliant offensive play in his matchup , and led all scorers with 33 points , in addition to a whopping 20 rebounds , on 13 - of - 18 shooting . His defense has always been in question , but when the bench forward steps up that strong in the scoring and rebound department , it’s tough to worry about his one sided game . Dion Waiters was given the green light with all stars Westbrook and Durant on the sideline , and turned in a 25 point performance on 10 - of - 19 shooting . Anthony Morrow drew the start as well , and added 19 points and three assists . Portland , who has surprised many this season after eclipsing their expected win total by 10 wins at this point in the season , rallied behind C.J. McCollum and Al-Farouq Aminu . The back court duo of McCollum and Lillard is dangerous to deal with at all points , but it was Lehigh shooting guard who turned in the bulk of the Blazers offense , as he finished with 26 points , three rebounds and three assists . Lillard struggled to find his stroke from the field and scored just 11 points on 13 shots , but he added nine assists and kept the ball movement in tact . Aminu has been a bright spot for Portland in the second half of the season , and contributed another strong performance with 27 points , six rebounds , five assists , three steals and one blocked shot in 37 minutes of action . Both teams play on Saturday , as the Blazers host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 26 - 52 ) , while the Thunder head south to take on the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 47 ) .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 28 - 52 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 43 - 38 ) 106 - 105 on Saturday . Minnesota , long eliminated from the playoffs , played as if they had something on the line Saturday . Down 28 - 21 after one quarter , the Timberwolves fought back to take a 53 - 49 lead by halftime . Both teams then played a nip - and - tuck second half , with the outcome of the game coming down to the closing seconds . Damian Lillard 's 27 - foot three - pointer and subsequent free throw made it 105 - 104 Portland with three seconds remaining . However , Karl-Anthony Towns ' basket off a Ricky Rubio pass with 2 seconds left made it 106 - 105 Minnesota , and when Damian Lillard 's desperation 56 - foot three - point shot fell short , the Timberwolves had officially secured the hard - fought victory . The Timberwolves were led by Towns ' 27 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Andrew Wiggins followed with 23 points , three rebounds and an assist . Zach Lavine pitched in with 10 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block . Shabazz Muhammad paced the reserves with 12 points , three boards and an assist . Nemanja Bjelica contributed a double - double off the bench , supplying 11 points , 10 rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the Rockets on Monday . Portland was paced by Lillard 's 31 points , which were complemented by seven assists , three rebounds and a steal . C.J. McCollum managed 21 points , seven assists and two rebounds . Mason Plumlee contributed a 15 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two blocks and a steal . Al-Farouq Aminu posted 10 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block . The Trail_Blazers remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home to close out the season against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 50 ) remained undefeated Wednesday , as they vanquished the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 4 - 1 ) Wednesday by a score of 112 - 108 at ORACLE Arena in Oakland . Midway through the third quarter , it looked like the Warriors were going to run away with the game , maintaining a double - digit lead through the first six or so minutes . However , the Clippers were able to make a run late in the quarter to take a one - point lead into final period . From there , it was the Stephen Curry show . While Los_Angeles managed to keep it close through the final 12 minutes , they simply had no answer for last year’s MVP . Curry scored 13 points in the fourth quarter and finished with 31 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 7 - 11 3Pt ) for the game in 33 minutes . Harrison Barnes also came up big in the fourth quarter , scoring 10 straight points at one point and finishing with a team - high nine rebounds in 36 minutes . Klay Thompson’s clutch free throws put the game out of reach , and his block on Jamal Crawford in the closing seconds sealed the deal . He finished with 16 points in 32 minutes . For the Clippers , Chris Paul and Blake Griffin did everything they could to keep their team in the game , but in the end , it just wasn’t enough . Griffin stuffed the stat sheet , scoring 23 points , grabbing 10 rebounds and dishing out six assists in 38 minutes , while Paul managed a team - high 24 points and nine assists in 29 minutes . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 11 points and 13 rebounds . Up next , the Warriors will stay at home to play the Nuggets on Thursday , while the Clippers will head home Friday to face the Rockets .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 60 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 2 - 4 ) 119 - 104 on Friday . After serving as one of Denver’s most consistent bench players over the Nuggets’ first five contests , Will Barton entered the starting lineup Friday night . The fourth - year pro did not disappoint , stuffing the stat sheet and coming only a pair of boards short of a double - double . Barton pitched in 19 points , eight rebounds , and five assists over 39 minutes on the floor , and may have earned the right for more starts in the immediate future . Danilo Gallinari once again spearhead Denver’s offense , tallying 25 points against a tough Warriors defense . Gary Harris ( 16 points ) and Emmanuel Mudiay ( 13 points ) supplemented Gallinari’s and Barton’s efforts , but the Nuggets simply were no match for the reigning champs from the start . They were outscored 40 - 23 in the first quarter , and saw the gap widen to a 30 - point deficit by halftime . Their valiant efforts in the second half made the final score respectable , but the contest never seemed to be within reach for Denver . The Nuggets , losers of two straight , fall to 2 - 4 and remain in last place in the Western Conference’s Northwest Division . Denver heads home to take on Portland on Monday . Stephen Curry continues to be the unquestioned linchpin of a prolific Warriors offense that tallied 74 points in the first half alone . Curry led the way with 33 points on 12 - for - 22 shooting , including an astounding eight three - pointers , which he drained at an excellent 50 percent rate . The 2014 - 15 MVP has already amassed 36 treys over six games . Festus Ezeli , starting once again at center for the inactive Andrew Bogut ( concussion ) , chipped in with a season - best 15 points , while the rest of the Warriors starting five also scored in double digits . The Warriors improved to 60 and remain atop the Western Conference’s Pacific Division and the conference overall . They travel to Sacramento for a Saturday tilt with the Kings .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 110 ) beat the Brooklyn Nets ( 1 - 9 ) 107 - 99 at Oracle Arena on Saturday . The Brooklyn Nets entered the game as 19 point underdogs and fought every second of regulation as an unlikely foe looking to end the Warriors perfect start . Brook Lopez was inches away from securing a victory with :5 left in regulation , but the ball banged off the back of the rim as time expired , sending the game to overtime . From there , the Warriors dominated the final five minutes , outscoring Brooklyn 10 - 2 . The Nets received explosive performances from Jarrett Jack and Thaddeus Young , who finished with 28 points and 26 points , respectively . Jack added nine assists , four rebounds and two steals , as he willed his way to the free throw line towards the end of regulation , where he finished 8 - for - 8 from the charity stripe . The Nets continue to improve upon a very poor start to the season , although they have only one win to show for their efforts . Brooklyn lost by two points in a competitive game with the the Kings on Friday and followed up by taking the nearly unstoppable Golden_State Warriors to the brink on Saturday . Andre Iguodala ( 15 points , six rebounds , six assists ) nailed a clutch , off balance , 3 - point shot with :5 remaining in regulation , and took the momentum into overtime where he added three assists and two points to his quality 37:53 off the bench . Draymond Green rounded out the stat sheet with his second career triple - double , as he finished with 16 points , 10 rebound and 12 assists on 7 - for - 18 shooting . Stephen Curry led all scorers with 34 points , to go along with three rebound and six assists . The reigning league MVP shot 5 - for - 16 from the 3 - point line and passed his father , Dell Curry ( 1,245 ) , on the all time 3 - point field goals list . Brandon Rush started in place of the injured Klay Thompson ( back ) and finished with eight points , most of which in the first quarter , and four rebounds in 20:46 . Both teams have home games Tuesday , with the Nets hosting the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 3 ) , while the Warriors will look to win their twelfth straight game against the Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 3 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 160 ) crushed the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 12 ) 111 - 77 on Tuesday to set a league record for the most consecutive wins to start a season . This was a mismatch and blowout on paper and that proved to be the case on the court . The Warriors dominated from start to finish and it 's unclear if the Lakers even showed up to the game . This sort of game exemplifies which directions these franchises are going right now and we should give more credit to Golden_State rather than belittling the Lakers . The biggest difference in the game was the passing , as the Warriors accumulated 32 assists compared to the Lakers 16 . The Lakers came into this game as 18 - point underdogs and it was far worse than that . The Lakers got down by 20 points extremely early and never could bounce - back . This was a mismatch in nearly every facet , as the Warriors are the best offensive team in basketball , while the Lakers are one of the worst defenses . No starter for the Lakers scored over 10 points and that exemplifies the nightmare performance . Kobe Bryant also had another terrible game , as he shot just 1 - for - 14 to accumulate four points in the loss . Bryant is simply taking too many bad shots right now and while he could make those in the past , his legs just simply ca n't handle them anymore . We 've never seen him throw up air - balls and wedgies like he did in this game and it 's just hard to watch as a basketball fan right now . This is a bad team right now and with an aging veteran who dominates the ball , it 's hard to see them get any better . They have a few days off until they face the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday in their next scheduled game . The Warriors came into this game trying to set a record for most wins to start a season and they achieved it in spectacular fashion . They destroyed a disheartened Lakers team and they appear to be the new Lakers of the past . In this game they had an amazing 32:8 assists - to - turnover ratio and that has been the key all season . Steph Curry played just 30 minutes in this game , but still totaled 24 points and nine assists in the blowout win . This is a scary team right now and the sky is the limit with the way they are currently playing . The Warriors will play the Phoenix Suns on Friday in their next game to try to extend their already record - breaking streak .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 31 - 2 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 22 ) 111 - 108 in an overtime thriller Saturday . This looked like it was going to be a runaway early , but Denver did a nice job of holding on the whole way through . Golden_State led 37 - 13 after the first quarter , but the Nuggets were able to miraculously get it into overtime . The Nuggets had a lead in the overtime , but fell just short in a spectacular effort . They held the Warriors to just 12 points in the fourth quarter and that ultimately earned them the extra five minutes . The big difference in the game was the long distance shooting , as Denver went just 5 - for - 30 while the Warriors went 10 - for - 28 . Steph Curry also made his return after a two - game absence in this game , but left after halftime with some sort of leg contusion . Denver did a great job of fighting and competing in a game where they were outmatched and nearly pulled out a miracle win . This is the third game against the Warriors and all three have been within 15 points , so they clearly play well against this team despite the losses . Danilo Gallinari made his return in this game after a lengthy absence and was fantastic . He scored 24 points and grabbed six rebounds while continually making big plays to keep Denver alive . Jameer Nelson also played well , as he totaled 20 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Jusuf Nurkic made his season debut as well , but really struggled playing just five minutes of play . Will Barton has been one of the most underrated players in the NBA this season and he flirted with a triple - double in this game as well . He finished with 21 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists . Kenneth Faried suffered a scary neck/back injury in overtime and had to be stretchered off the floor after the game . Despite the Faried injury , the Nuggets are getting healthy and will look to build off this solid performance against the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . Golden_State just continues to get it done despite adversity . They 've played the last two games without Steph Curry and he actually had to leave this game at halftime once again . Draymond Green was the hero , as he picked up his league - leading sixth triple - double in the win . Green collected 29 points , 17 rebounds and 14 assists in an absurd stat line . Klay Thompson also pitched in 26 points and seven rebounds in the win . This was not a pretty win , but winning with just seven players on overtime is impressive nonetheless . Golden_State will look to keep their 34 - game home winning streak alive against the Charlotte Hornets on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 32 - 2 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 17 ) 111 - 101 on Monday . Charlotte entered Oracle Arena with an above .500 record as part of an impressive start to the 2015 - 2016 season . While the game was never as close as the final score came out to be , the Hornets played well as a unit and moved the ball fluidly against the league’s best team . Kemba Walker , who has been on a tear over the last week , including two 30 - plus point performances , contributed 22 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting . Most notably , Walker is finishing over 50 percent in the paint , a trend that many analysts are highlighting Stephen Curry for improving during the offseason as well . The UCONN product’s touch in the lane is up 10 percent from last season , and is a great sign for the point guard moving forward . The Hornets also look to Jeremy Lamb , who came over from Oklahoma City during the offseason , and matched Walker’s 22 points in 29 minutes off the bench . The loss of Al Jefferson for a reported six weeks is a major blow to the frontcourt , and Marvin Williams and Cody Zeller combo was only good eight points and 16 boards . Shooting 44 percent as a unit will likely get you a competitive game with solid chance at a win , but the Warriors completed 52 percent of their shots , which almost always will result in a loss for the opposition . The Hornets will look to bounce back when they visit the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 25 ) on Wednesday . The Warriors extended their home winning streak to 17 games and Draymond Green complete a triple - double for the third straight game . The early MVP votes may be in favor of Stephen Curry right now , but Draymond Green’s all around impact on the floor is beginning to transcend the league 's best forwards . Green finished with 13 points , 15 rebounds and 10 assists . Curry and Klay Thompson lit up the arena with 30 points , each , and combined to go 11 - for - 21 from 3 - point territory . The crowd welcomed back Harrison Barnes , who missed the last 16 games with an ankle injury , and pitched in 8 points in 20 minutes off the bench . Brandon Rush started in favor of Barnes , and added an efficient 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting . The Warriors head to Staples Center to face the Los Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 27 ) on Tuesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 36 - 2 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 22 - 16 ) 111 - 103 at Oracle Arena on Monday . Miami entered the contest as 15 point underdogs and kept pace with the Warriors through all four quarters . The defending champions rarely shoot as low as 30 percent from behind the arc , but the wing defense played a crucial role in Miami keeping the game within striking distance . Justise Winslow started in place of Hassan Whiteside ( knee ) , who was doubtful an hour before tip - off , as the Heat chose to go with a small lineup to match up with the league 's best small ball team . Dwyane Wade , in signature fashion , kept finding his way to the charity stripe , which resulted in the game being slowed down , and at times , in favor of Miami . He finished with 20 points , six rebounds and 11 assists on 6 - of - 19 shooting , to go with a perfect 8 - of - 8 from the free throw line . Five Miami players matched Wade in double figures , including efficient performances from the bench combination of Gerald Green and Tyler Johnson . Chris Bosh completed a double - double , scoring 15 points and grabbing 12 rebounds , while Luol Deng added a double - double as well , with 14 points and 10 boards . Miami will look to end the Los Angeles Clippers ( 25 - 13 ) nine game winning streak at Staples Center on Wednesday . Once again , Draymond Green rounded out the box score with an all around impressive performance , scoring 22 points , grabbing 12 rebounds and dishing out six assists in 35 minutes . While Stephen Curry is campaigning for a second straight MVP , Green is doing as much , if not more , to bolster the Warriors historic season . Over his last 10 games , the Michigan State product is averaging 17 points , 12 rebounds and 8 assists , including a lights out 54 percent from 3 - point range . His court vision is improving , as marked by the major jump in assists per game this season . Curry did drop 31 points on the Heat , which was good for his 16th 30 - plus point game of the season , although it took 27 shots , as Curry shot well below his 51 percent average . Curry 's dagger trey put the Warriors ahead 110 - 101 with under a :30 to play . Brandon Rush remained in the starting lineup , as Luke Walton noted that his strong play is deserving while Harrison Barnes eases his way back . The Warriors will visit the Denver Nuggets ( 14 - 24 ) on Wednesday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 37 - 3 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 32 ) 116 - 98 at Oracle Arena on Thursday . Oracle Arena was all in favor of the Kobe Bryant retirement tour , as the “Ko - be ! ” chants started in the second half . The hobbled Bryant ( Achilles ) was subbed back into the game midway through the fourth quarter , which appeased the sold out arena . Bryant tacked on eight points on 15 shots , and was far from efficient in the effort , but the box score does not reflect the unfinished assists that No . 24 could have had if the rest of his teammates would have finished at the rim . The Lakers’ youth is beginning to show signs of chemistry and potential , as they inch closer to a Kobe-less era in Los_Angeles . Julius Randle has been in a funk recently ( averaging 6 points , 9 rebounds and 2 assists on 28 percent shooting over his last five games ) , but recorded a strong performance against the Warriors and finished with 14 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 14 shooting in just under 30 minutes . Jordan Clarkson and Lou Williams both contributed 20 - plus point performances , while D’Angelo Russell also fell victim to some unfinished assists , scoring 14 points , grabbing nine boards and adding three dimes off the bench . The Lakers will look to grab their 10th win of the season when they visit the Utah Jazz ( 17 - 22 ) on Saturday . Golden_State returned home on a back - to - back after losing their third game of the season to the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday . The loss put the San Antonio Spurs within two games of the reigning champs , but they handled the Lakers easily at home , as the bench started throughout the fourth quarter . Stephen Curry added eight 3 - pointers for the 8th time this season , scoring 26 points in the contest alongside six rebounds and three assists in 29 minutes . Klay Thompson struggled to find his stroke from both the mid - range and behind the arc , as he scored 12 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting . The aforementioned bench comprised of Harrison Barnes ( seeing increased minutes as he eases his way back ) , Shaun Livingston and Leandro Barbosa all finished in double figures . The Warriors 3 - point shooting was far below average in the first half , which caused a slim lead heading into the half , but a strong 12 - 2 run to finish the third quarter took the pressure off of Golden_State , as the has played five games in the last seven days . The Warriors will visit Andre Drummond and the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 18 ) on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 40 - 4 ) beat the Indiana Pacers ( 23 - 20 ) 122 - 110 on Friday night . These are two of the fastest - paced teams in the NBA right now and it made for a fun game to watch . The difference in this game was as simple as shooting , as the Pacers really struggled from three - point range and from the free - throw line . In fact , they went just 3 - for - 17 from long distance and 11 - for - 19 from the charity stripe through the first 44 minutes . Golden_State also turned it on in the final 12 minutes , as they shot over 60 percent from the field in the fourth quarter . Steve Kerr made his return to coaching here for the Warriors and they were obviously happy to get him a win in his first game back after dealing with migraines from back surgery for the first half of the year . The Pacers actually did a great job of hanging around in this game , but didn’t execute enough to pull out a big win . Not only did they shoot poorly , they also had far too many defensive breakdowns against this potent Warriors offense . The bench is what kept Indiana in the game , as they got 60 points and 26 rebounds from just five players with rookies Joe Young and Myles Turner leading the bunch . Turner scored a career - high 31 points while also snatching down eight boards with Young amassing 16 points and eight assists . Monta Ellis scored all of his 18 points in the second half after playing just five minutes in the first half because of foul trouble . If he were to play a full complement of minutes here , this result very well may have been different with how well he was playing . Paul George had one of his worst games of the year , as he tallied 12 points , two rebounds and one assist while dealing with foul trouble of his own . Indiana will have to hop on a plane just hours after this game to get ready for a matchup with the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . Steph Curry has had a great season , but he was just majestic on Friday . Curry accumulated 39 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists en route to his seventh triple - double of his career . Draymond Green also played well , as he grabbed 22 points , 11 rebounds and four steals while shutting down George on the other end . The Warriors played great team - ball , as they dished out 30 - plus assists for the 22nd time this season , which is easily tops in the league . Golden_State has had one of the easiest schedules in the NBA this season thus far and they face their biggest test in their next game , as the Warriors take on the San Antonio Spurs on Monday , who are in the midst of a 13 - game winning streak and a franchise - best start .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 42 - 4 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 26 - 21 ) at Oracle Arena 127 - 107 on Wednesday . Klay Thompson exploded for his second 40 - point game of the season and led the Warriors with 45 on points on 14 - of - 20 of shooting . Thompson’s effort improved Golden_State to the best start in NBA history and 40 consecutive home wins in the regular season . The scoring outburst came at an opportune time , seeing that Stephen Curry struggled early and was unable to get a rhythm going until the third quarter . The reigning MVP finished with 14 points , nine assists and two rebounds in 31 minutes . Dallas was able to pull the game within one point early in the second half , but the Warriors followed up with a 17 - point swing in seven minutes to put the game away before entering the fourth quarter . It was the usual drill for the NBA’s best team , as the final period was led by the reserves , save for Klay Thompson , who was kept in throughout his hot shooting night . Draymond Green had a quiet performance , adding 10 points , three rebounds and four assists , while Harrison Barnes contributed 13 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting to round out the starters . The Warriors begin a road trip with a meeting against the Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 40 ) on Saturday . The Mavericks were led by Chandler Parsons , as they strategically decided to rest Dirk Nowitzki in the second game of a back - to - back , after the 18 year veteran drained the game winning shot against the Lakers on Tuesday . Parsons scored 23 points , to go along with seven rebounds and one assist on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Dallas came out in the second half firing behind Deron Williams and Wes Matthews , who finished with 12 points and nine points , respectively , but containing Klay Thompson was an ongoing issue , and when Stephen Curry was able to hit his first few three - pointers , there was not much Dallas could do to compete . Salah Mejri got his second straight start at center in favor of the injured Zaza Pachulia ( leg ) , and finished with a lowly two points and three rebounds in 13 minutes . The Mavericks will host the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 34 ) on Friday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 46 - 4 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 38 - 14 ) 116 - 108 at Oracle Arena on Saturday . While the Warriors have handled the league 's best teams with relative ease on their home court this season , the Thunder proved to be their toughest test of the season . In the thrilling matchup between two of the game’s best teams , containing three of the top five scorers in the league ( Stephen Curry , Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant ) , it took until the final minute for the Warriors to stop Oklahoma_City’s late comeback . The Thunder got off to a strong start , but midway through the second quarter the Warriors started to pull away through a series of runs behind strong bench play . Oklahoma_City clawed their way back behind their stuper stars , and with 3:36 left in the fourth quarter , Enes Kanter finished a turnaround shot at the rim to tie the game 104 - 104 . Curry and Thompson scored on the following possessions , while Westbrook and Durant sank their free throws after earning tough fouls with under one minute to play . A wild Curry rebound and full court toss to a streaking Andre Iguodala ended the Thunder’s last chance after a missed Durant jumper , and the Warriors walked away with their 41st straight home win dating back to 2014 - 2015 . Durant led all scorers with 40 points , to go along with 14 rebounds and five assists on 12 - of - 25 shooting , while Westbrook added 27 points , three rebounds and 12 assists on 8 - of - 22 shooting . Curry led the Warriors with 26 points , six rebounds and 10 assists , despite only shooting 1 - of - 8 from the three - point line . Marreese Speights and Livingston combined for 25 points off the bench , while Harrison Barnes delivered a clutch performance with 19 points , including multiple needed baskets from behind the arc and at the rim . The Warriors will host the Houston Rockets ( 27 - 26 ) on Tuesday , while the Thunder will visit the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 38 ) on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 55 - 5 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 42 - 20 ) 121 - 106 at Oracle Arena on Thursday . Stephen Curry ( ankle ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Tuesday’s game . The reigning MVP did not take long to get going , as he put Kevin Durant on his heels with a behind - the - back dribble and drive early in the first quarter . Curry was not able to string together scoring runs , but still led all scorers with 33 points , which marked his fifth consecutive 30 - plus point game , and added four rebounds and four assists on 12 - of - 25 shooting . The awareness that has improved on Curry’s end has been one of his best assets , as he was able to take advantage of a slacking Steven Adams and constantly find space on his way to the rim , especially when he started to struggle finding his range from behind the arc . Andre Iguodala ( hamstring ) also made his return , but did not look fully fit during the game , as reflected by his 14 minutes of playing time off the bench . Klay Thompson scored 21 points , while Harrison Barnes and Draymond Green pitched in 14 points each . The two forwards combined for 15 rebounds and 12 assists in their starting roles , and the constant mismatches made for a major advantage against the Thunder’s weak defense . As for the bench , Shaun Livingston and Marreese Speights both eclipsed double figures , with Livingston adding eight assists in 20 minutes to aid Curry in the backup point guard role . The Warriors will continue to chase history when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 50 ) on Sunday . The Thunder were demoralized and tired after giving up a 20 - plus point lead to the Clippers on Wednesday , but the theme of Billy Donovan’s squad since returning from the all - star break has been weak fourth quarter play . Oklahoma_City was able to put together some brilliant scoring runs , and had the Warriors down double figures late in the third quarter , but the aforementioned defensive miscues and cold shooting from their superstars late in the game resulted in dropping two straight games against high quality opponents . The box score reflects three strong performances from Kevin Durant , Russell Westbrook and Serge Ibaka . Durant fell one assist shy of a triple - double , scoring 32 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and nine assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . In fact , Durant was additionally one turnover shy of a quadruple - double , as his nine errors were a rarity . Westbrook totaled 22 points , six boards and seven assists , while Ibaka 20 points and six rebounds . Ibaka played high IQ basketball , and was in the right place at the right time throughout most of the game , bailing out Durant and Westbrook when their shots would not fall , however , it was far from enough to stop the Warriors scoring runs in the fourth quarter . The Thunder have dropped to 4 - 6 in their last 10 games . Oklahoma_City will look to bounce back when they visit Milwaukee Bucks ( 25 - 36 ) on Sunday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 57 - 6 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 35 ) 115 - 94 at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Warriors continued their home dominance in the regular season and improved to 280 at Oracle Arena . The outlier as compared to most Golden_State games this season was Stephen Curry , who started the game 0 - for - 5 from the field , but made up for his off shooting with six assists in the first quarter . Curry finished the night with just 12 points , three rebounds and 10 assists on 4 - of - 12 shooting , but was bailed out by splash brother Klay Thompson , who led all scorers in the contest with 23 points . Thompson added was absent from the box score in terms of rebounding and assists , but he buried 5 - of - 8 from deep in 30 minutes . Draymond Green seemed to end his skid of rough shooting on his way to 17 points , to go along with seven rebounds , five assists and three blocks . The rotating bench hero honors belonged to Leandro Barbosa and Marreese Speights , as their 29 combined points kept the Jazz on their heels throughout the second half . It’s tough to put up a contest against the league’s best team , especially when they are a lights out 57 percent shooting as a unit . Trey Burke pitched in one of his better performances of the season in his bench role , and outside of getting crossed over by Curry , who followed up with a 55 - foot halftime buzzer beating , bank shot , three pointer , he led the Jazz in scoring and outplayed the starting backcourt . Burke added 18 points , including a perfect 8 - of - 8 from the charity stripe , in 22 minutes . Utah played physically during the first quarter , but the Warriors pace proved to be too much for Gordon Hayward and the rest of the starters , who looked gassed after just one half of play . Hayward contributed 16 points and six boards , but his team shot a combined 41 percent , and that was on a night where Curry looked vulnerable . Rodney Hood ( back ) did not play , but could return as soon as Friday . Both teams play on Friday , as the Jazz will host the Washington Wizards ( 29 - 34 ) , and the Warriors face one of the six teams that have beat them this season , the Portland Trail Blazers ( 34 - 31 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 58 - 6 ) rolled over the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 34 - 32 ) 128 - 112 on Friday . The Last time these two teams squared off , the Blazers put it to the Warriors in a 32 - point blowout . It was clear that Golden_State wanted to exact some revenge here , as they came out on fire . In fact , the Warriors scored 81 first half points to take a 20 - point lead . The rebounding was key , as Golden_State snatched down 56 boards , while holding the Blazers to just 39 on their end . Both teams were light - out from three - point range , as they combined to go 37 - for - 76 . Portland is starting to hit a bit of a wall , as they have now lost four of their last five . After dropping a career - high 52 points on Golden_State in their last matchup , Damian Lillard could only muster up 17 points here . Lillard went just 5 - for - 19 from the field and scored his lowest point total since February 2 . Meyers Leonard played well off the bench though , as he tallied 10 points , 13 rebounds and three assists in the defeat . The Trail_Blazers will look to get out of this rut on Saturday in a much better matchup against the Orlando Magic . The Splash brothers really took it to the Blazers here in what was definitely a revenge game . Klay Thompson led the team with 37 points and also snatched down six rebounds . Steph Curry accumulated 34 points , three rebounds and four assists despite playing under 30 minutes of action . Draymond Green was the only other player in double - figures , as he amassed 17 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists . On deck for the Warriors is a very favorable matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 59 - 6 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 49 ) 123 - 116 at Oracle Arena on Saturday . A wild , rollercoaster fourth quarter turned what many thought would be an easy win for the Warriors into a thriller . The Suns own the second worst record in the Western Conference , but as we have seen throughout this year , the bottom half of the league has had better luck upsetting the Warriors historic season . The back - and - forth game was deadlocked with 5:50 left in the fourth quarter before Brandon Knight drained a deep ball to give the Suns a three - point lead . The Warriors followed up by ripping an 18 - 8 run to the finish the game , including a stretch of great defense where Phoenix was unable to get any points over a three minute stretch . The run started after Stephen Curry buried a three pointer to tie the game at 108 - 108 , and there was no looking back after that . Curry was far from on fire until late in the game , but he did finish with 35 points to lead all scorers , to go along with three rebounds and six assists on 12 - of - 24 shooting . Klay Thompson poured in 20 points to round out the back court , and Draymond Green added 19 points , four boards , six assists and a block . Marreese Speights kept the Warriors in the game early in the second half and contributed one of his best performances of the season , as he totaled 25 points and nine rebounds on a lights out 10 - of - 14 shooting . Speights also did some damage from the charity stripe where he finished 5 - of - 6 . Brandon Knight and Alex Len were the backbone of the Suns as they tried to be one of the very few teams who have beaten the Warriors . Knight went on a tear and scored 30 points , in addition six rebounds and seven assists on 11 - of - 22 shooting , while Len helped in the scoring department dominated the rebounding battle , reflected by his 26 points and 13 boards . Devin Booker cooled down a bit after an impressive 10 game stretch , but still added 18 points and 11 assists to complete a double - double for the rookie guard . Both teams play at home on Monday , as the Warriors will welcome the New Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 41 ) , while the Suns play the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 45 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 60 - 6 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 42 ) 125 - 107 at Oracle Arena on Monday . Stephen Curry celebrated his 28th birthday with the Warriors as they improved to 60 wins on the season and kept their record home winning streak alive and well . Curry scored 27 points , to go along with five rebounds and five assists on 10 - of - 16 shooting while the MVP and birthday chants flooded the arena . It was a similar drill to what we have seen from Golden_State this year , as they led every quarter and moved the ball well after out - assisting the Pelicans 30 - 18 . Draymond Green dominated the defensive rebounding battle , hauling in 11 of his 12 total boards . Green seems to have busted out of his shooting slump and scored 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , although his four turnovers was above his average . Klay Thompson added 18 points , while the bench handled the workload in the fourth quarter to secure the win . The Pelicans came into the matchup riddled with injuries , which never makes a game in Golden_State any easier . Alexis Ajinca ( sternum ) and Norris Cole ( back ) were sidelined for the game , while Tony Douglas drew his third straight start . Douglas was a stand out in the box score , as he scored 22 points , but it came on a volume 20 shots that were questionable in terms of selection . Anthony Davis matched Douglas’ 22 points , and grabbed 12 rebounds , in addition to one assist , one steal and two blocks . The Pelicans achilles was their shot selection as a unit , and the tough matchup resulted in 38 percent shooting as a whole . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Warriors will host the New York Knicks ( 28 - 40 ) , while the Pelicans visit the Sacramento Kings ( 26 - 40 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 61 - 6 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 28 - 41 ) 121 - 85 at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Knicks presented no challenge to the Warriors perfect home record after Stephen Curry lit up the first quarter for 16 points , which opened the floodgates throughout the rest of the game . Curry finished with 34 points , six rebounds and four assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting from behind the arc and did it all in just 28 minutes . Klay Thompson aided Curry to round out the backcourt and scored 19 points , while Marreese Speights flexed his range like his teammates and scored 13 points on 3 - of - 5 shooting from deep . The Warriors continue to play without Andre Iguodala ( ankle ) and Shaun Livingston has received a boost in minutes with the NBA Finals MVP on the sideline.. Livingston was not a standout in the box score , but still posted a 22 plus - minus with impressive defense and poise . Draymond Green was not flashy in the scoring department , but was effective in the rebounding battle after scoring 6 points , in addition to 11 rebounds and 10 assists in 28 minutes . New_York was unable to pressure the perimeter , and even if they did , the Warriors attacked with a high speed pace that drained what looks like a tired Knicks team . Kristaps Porzingis has hit a rookie wall , and his rebounding number are dropping off since his hot first half of the season . The Latvian rookie scored only two points on 1 - of - 11 shooting and was outplayed under the basket . Carmelo Anthony played efficiently , but it was far from enough to cut into the eventual 30 - plus point blowout . Melo contributed 18 points , six rebounds and six assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . The New_York bench played the most effectively behind Langston Galloway and Arron Afflalo who combined for 29 points . Both players put in 30 - plus minutes of work in the loss . The Warriors will travel to Texas to play the Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 34 ) on Friday , while the Knicks head to the nation 's capital to play the Washington Wizards ( 32 - 35 ) on Saturday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 65 - 7 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 35 - 37 ) 128 - 120 on Friday . This was anticipated to be a blowout , but Dallas did a great job of hanging around as huge underdogs . The key for Golden_State was a first half in which they outscored the Mavericks by 14 points while dropping 72 points . The Warriors were unconscious from the field , as they shot 49 percent from the field , 47 percent from three - point range and 91 percent from the free - throw line . Despite playing without Dirk Nowitzki and Deron Williams , the Mavericks did a great job of battling a potent Warriors team . Wesley Matthews led the team with 26 points in one of his best games of the season . J.J. Barea did a great job of filling in for Williams , as he tallied 21 points and six assists . Seven Dallas players scored in double figures with three of them coming off the bench ( Zaza Pachulia , Justin Anderson , Charlie Villlanueva ) .On deck for the Mavericks is a matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Sunday . Golden_State didn’t play their best game , but it continued their undefeated streak at home . Klay Thompson was spectacular , as he scored 40 points while hitting nine three - pointers . Steph Curry flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 33 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and four steals in the win . Draymond Green also flirted with a triple - double , as he amassed 19 points , 10 assists and seven rebounds . Up next for the Warriors is an exhibition type matchup , as they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 66 - 7 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 65 ) 117 - 105 on Sunday . While backcourt mate Stephen Curry rightfully gets the majority of press , Klay Thompson has made sure that he 's not a forgetten man by any stretch , averaging 37 points over the last three contests . Sunday saw the talented two - guard explode for 40 points for a second straight game , while also hauling in a pair of rebounds and recording a block . His standout performance was part of a remarkable night from the field for the Warriors , who managed a 53 percent success rate from the field , and a 42 percent figure from beyond the arc . The Sixers were led by Carl Landry , who garnered a third straight start in place of Nerlens Noel ( knee ) . Landry managed 22 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ish Smith followed with a 20 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also featured three rebounds and three steals . Isaiah Canaan managed 15 points and two assists . Robert Covington paced the reserves with a second straight double - double off the bench , totaling 16 points and 11 rebounds . Elton Brand was also productive off the bench , amassing 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're back home on Tuesday to face the Charlotte Hornets . Stephen Curry followed Thompson 's stellar effort with 20 points , eight assists , three rebounds and four steals . Draymond Green was next with a triple - double , totaling 13 points , 11 rebounds , 11 assists , a steal and three blocks . Harrison Barnes managed 10 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Mareese Speights paced the bench with 17 points , seven rebounds and three assists . The Warriors continue to have a hold of the top seed in the Western Conference , and currently have a five - game lead over the second - seeded San Antonio Spurs . They 're home again on Tuesday versus the Washington Wizards .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 67 - 7 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 36 - 38 ) 102 - 94 at Oracle Arena on Tuesday . The Warriors continued to pursue perfection on their home court and keep the NBA record for most wins in the regular season alive and well after holding off the Wizards . A series of strong runs to end each of the second , third and fourth quarters made up for a motivated Washington team . John Wall and Bradley Beal had an fluid moving offense running in their favor just before the half , but the Warriors ripped off a 120 run in just three minutes to swing the momentum in their favor . The same result occurred in the second half , although the rush transition defense and hounding of Stephen Curry well beyond the three point line proved to be working more often than not . Curry still finished with a game high 26 points , to go with seven rebounds , seven assists and five steals on 9 - of - 20 shooting , including 6 - of - 8 from behind the arc . Klay Thompson cooled off after scoring 80 points over the last two contests , and added 16 points on 7 - of - 19 shooting . Draymond Green stuffed the box score and fell one assist shy of a triple - double , his numbers jumped off the page to the tune of 15 points , 16 rebounds , nine assists and two blocked shots . Wall had a difficult time shooting the ball , and only managed 8 points on 14 shots , but he did distribute well and completed 11 assists . Bradley Beal led all Wizards scorers with 17 points , while Marcin Gortat added nine points and 10 rebounds . The Wizards are on the outside looking into a playoff spot , but the loss has them trailing the Pacers by 4 games for the 8 - seed in the Eastern Conference . Both teams play the second game of a back - to - back on the road on Wednesday , with Wizards taking on the Sacramento Kings ( 29 - 45 ) and the Warriors visiting the Utah Jazz ( 37 - 37 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 69 - 8 ) defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 41 - 37 ) 136 - 111 at Oracle Arena on Sunday . The Warriors bounced back after their first home loss since January of 2015 against the Boston Celtics on Friday , and made a statement in the process . Stephen Curry and Damian Lillard battled it out in the polarizing point guard matchup and the back - and - forth range of skills that each player flashed during the game made for a classic Western Conference showcase . Portland led at times during the second quarter , and even when Curry and company would go on a double figure runs , Lillard would find a way to bring his team within striking distance through the third quarter . Once the three point shooting challenge between Curry and Lillard cooled off going into the fourth quarter , the Warriors rallied behind Klay Thompson and Draymond Green to put away the game . The final score reflected Golden_State’s tremendous shooting from behind the arc ( 60 percent ) , but downplays the Blazers who fought until the very end . Curry finished with 39 points to lead all scorers , and added six rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 13 - of - 21 shooting , which included nine treys . Draymond Green picked up his 13th triple - double , which is good for second in the league behind Russell Westbrook , and rounded out the box score with 22 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists and three blocks . Klay Thompson pitched in 21 points to round out the Warriors big three , while LeAndro Barbosa led the bench in scoring with 13 points , to go along with four rebounds and one assist . The Blazers had little trouble in the scoring department , but defensively they could not get the stops they needed , especially in the beginning of the fourth quarter . Damian Lillard dropped 38 points on 13 - of - 27 shooting , as he sliced through his matchup with Curry and was unafraid to show off his range as well . C.J. McCollum contributed 18 points , but was also overpowered by his matchup with Klay Thompson . Ed Davis was the standout bench player for Portland , as he filled the stat sheet with six points , eight rebounds , three assists and three blocks in 21 minutes . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Warriors will host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 52 ) , while the Blazers will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 46 ) .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 26 - 52 ) defeated the Golden_State Warriors ( 69 - 9 ) at Oracle Arena on Tuesday , 124 - 117 in overtime . The Timberwolves handed the Warriors only their second loss at home and put the NBA record for regular season wins in jeopardy . The thrilling contest needed an extra period , and although the Warriors were undefeated in overtime , the Timberwolves rallied behind Karl-Anthony Towns , Andrew Wiggins and a career performance from Shabazz Muhammad off the bench . Golden_State committed a season high 24 turnovers , and Stephen Curry’s miserable first half shooting did not aid his team back into game . The refs provided some controversial calls down the stretch , as Curry was called for a blocking foul on a Karl-Anthony Towns and - one , which after a long discussion was reversed to a charge at the hands of Towns . The call came at a pivotal moment during the game , late in the fourth quarter , but even with a bit of luck on their side , the Warriors weren’t able to get a shot off as time expired to win in it regulation . Overtime went entirely in favor of Minnesota , where Towns and Muhammad took care of business as they had throughout the game . All five Warriors starters finished in double figures , but it took a volume of shots to get their . Curry only had two points heading into the half , but completed a season high 15 assists along the way . He finished with 21 points on 7 - of - 25 shooting , while Harrison Barnes carried Golden_State through the first two quarters and contributed 20 points and five rebounds . Andre Iguodala returned to action after missing a slate of games with an ankle injury , but logged 18 minutes and was more effective on the defensive end of the floor . Shabazz Muhammad stepped up big and led all scorers with 35 points , to go along with six rebounds on 9 - of - 12 shooting . His career night included draining 15 - of - 17 shots from the charity stripe , where found himself in tough situations in the waning minutes of regulation and overtime . Andrew Wiggins and Towns both eclipsed 40 minutes of play , but the youth had no trouble handling the workload . Wiggins added 32 points , in addition to five rebounds and four assists . Towns added 20 points and 12 rebounds in the physical contest . Both teams play on Thursday , as the Timberwolves visit the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 47 ) , while the Warriors host the San Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 12 ) .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 70 - 9 ) defeated the San_Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 13 ) 112 - 101 on Thursday . The Warriors came in to Thursday 's game out for redemption , having not only lost two of the last three games , but incredibly , having endured both defeats at home . Their opponent certainly did n't seem likely to facilitate an easy route to getting back on track , as the Spurs have been the closest team in both caliber and record to the Warriors all season . However , Golden_State looked prepared from early on , and won each of the first three periods to help set up the eventual double - digit victory . They also regained their shooting stroke against a stalwart Spurs defense , managing a 54 percent success rate from the field , and 48 percent figure from three - point range . San_Antonio was led by Kawhi Leonard , who managed 23 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . LaMarcus Aldridge was next with a modest 11 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . He suffered a finger dislocation in the first half but did manage to return . Tony Parker tallied 10 points , three rebounds and two assists . David West paced the bench with 11 points and seven assists . Two other players performed well in reserve roles as well , with Kevin Martin supplying 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal , and Kyle Anderson pitching in with eight points , 11 boards and three assists . The Spurs are officially locked into the second seed going into the postseason . They travel to Denver to take on the Nuggets on Friday . Golden_State was led by Stephen Curry , who posted a game - high 27 points , nine assists , five rebounds and two steals . The reigning MVP shot a stellar 11 - for - 19 after a 7 - for - 25 performance against the Timberwolves on Tuesday . Harrison Barnes followed with 21 points , eight boards and an assist . Draymond Green compiled 18 points , seven assists , six rebounds and a steal . Klay Thompson collected 14 points , six assists , three rebounds and a steal . Although Andrew Bogut only put up a modest six points , he did haul in 11 boards , along with three assists , two blocks and a steal . The Warriors have now clinched the top seed in the Western Conference . They hed to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Saturday night .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 73 - 9 ) won an NBA-record 73rd game Wednesday , beating the Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 40 ) , 125 - 104 . Golden_State shot 53 percent from the field and recorded 35 assists on their 46 made baskets . The defense wasn’t shabby either , as they held the Grizzlies to 43 percent and outrebounded them by 11 boards . Memphis continues to reel and this game was well out of hand early . They did get a nice performance from Zach Randolph though , as he tallied 24 points , six rebounds and four assists . Lance Stephenson was the only other player with more than 12 , as he scored 22 points in the loss . This marks Memphis ' 10th loss in their last 11 games and they have now fallen to seventh in the west . That means a matchup with the San Antonio Spurs is on the horizon for the playoffs . Stephen Curry was unconscious once again , as he totaled 46 points , four rebounds and six assists in just 29 minutes . Draymond Green flirted with yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 11 points , nine rebounds and seven assists . Golden_State will look to add to their historic run when it faces the Houston Rockets in the playoffs .
The Washington Wizards ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 5 - 6 ) 115 - 86 on Tuesday . The Wizards put forth a true team effort in toppling the Bucks , with four starters and one reserve all tallying double - digit scoring . Washington played its third consecutive game without standout shooting guard Bradley Beal ( shoulder ) , but benefited from a second straight productive performance from his replacement , Garrett Temple ( 10 points , two rebounds , two assists , and two steals ) . Washington took its game to another level in the second quarter and never looked back , outscoring Milwaukee 37 - 17 after the Bucks opened the period leading 29 - 27 . In their first game following a rousing double - overtime victory over Cleveland on Saturday , the Bucks could not generate much offense against a tough Wizards squad . Khris Middleton led Milwaukee with 14 points , a pair of rebounds , and a steal , while Jerryd Bayless pitched in across the stat sheet over a team - high 37 minutes on the floor . The eight - year veteran poured in 13 points , and added six rebounds , three assists , and two steals . He also drained another three buckets from beyond the arc , giving him nine three - pointers over the last three contests . Michael Carter-Williams was not as productive as he was Saturday in his first game back from his ankle injury , managing a modest 12 points and a sole rebound . Greg Monroe endured his worst game in a Bucks uniform to date , amassing only four points , five rebounds , and four assists over 26 minutes . Greivis Vasquez and John Henson led Milwaukee’s reserves with 12 and 10 points , respectively . The Bucks dropped to 5 - 6 and are currently in last place in the Eastern Conference’s Central Division . They head to Cleveland for a matchup versus the Cavaliers on Thursday . For Washington , John Wall and Otto Porter also pitched in 19 points apiece , with the former coming just one assist short of a second consecutive double - double . Marcin Gortat contributed 12 points and nine rebounds , while Kris Humphries was the only member of the starting five in single digits with nine points . Jared Dudley paced the Wizards’ bench with a 13 - point performance against his former team , while veteran Gary Neal helped supplement Temple’s efforts at the shooting guard spot with 10 points of his own . The Wizards currently reside in third place in the Eastern Conference’s Southeast Division , with the outcome of tonight’s Hornets-Knicks contest potentially dropping the Wizards to fourth if Charlotte notches the victory . They travel to Detroit for a road tilt versus the Pistons on Saturday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 11 - 6 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 6 - 8 ) 84 - 82 on Saturday . These days , it seems as if the Wizards ca n't buy a victory . Losers of three straight entering Saturday 's contest , Washington was trying to bounce back on their home court after enduring a 33 - point loss to the Celtics on Friday in which they 'd mustered a season - low 78 points . Although their offensive output was barely any better versus the Raptors , the Wizards had ridden an outstanding defensive effort to a 68 - 62 lead entering the final quarter . During that fourth period , the Raptors benefited from the hot shooting stroke of offensive linchpin Kyle Lowry , who scored eight of his game - high 27 points during that span and helped close the deficit to a razor - thin 82 - 81 with three seconds remaining . Then , on Toronto 's final possession , it was DeMar DeRozan who alertly was able to feed Cory Joseph in the left corner for a game - winning three - point shot as time expired . Lowry sunk six three - pointers as part of his offensive barrage , and kicked in seven rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block in a highly productive 34 minutes against the normally stout defense of John Wall . In addition to his game - winning assist , DeRozan pitched in with 23 points after a slow first half , and added three rebounds and two assists . The performance marked the third consecutive game the standout shooting guard has scored 20 points or more . The rest of the Toronto starters were notably quiet with respect to points , but Bismack Biyombo provided what was likely one of the most productive scoreless outings in NBA history by hauling in 16 boards ( 15 on the defensive glass ) , and posting four blocks , a pair of assists and a steal . Joseph paced the Raptors ' bench with nine points , including his game - winning bucket from beyond the arc . Notably , Toronto escaped with the win despite committing 22 turnovers and having a slightly better shooting percentage from three - point range ( 46 ) than from the field ( 43 ) . The Raptors improved to 11 - 6 and currently have sole posession of first place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Divison . They head home for a date with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday . The Wizards once again were hampered by a lack of overall offense , despite the fact that four of their starting five tallied double - digit scoring nights . Bradley Beal led the way with a 20 - point effort that also featured six rebounds , six assists and three steals over 41 minutes . The boards equaled a season - high for Beal , while the assists were his second - best total on the year in that category . John Wall was able to contribute 18 points and supplement it with three rebounds , five assists and three steals . Marcin Gortat pitched in with a 16 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , while Otto Porter poured in 13 points . The sole holdout in single digits was spot starter Jared Dudley , who tallied seven points , four rebounds and two assists while taking Kris Humphries ' place in the lineup . The Wizards ' reserves could offer no help on this night however , with Humphries ' four points representing the bench 's highest scoring output . Washington fell to 6 - 8 and currently resides in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Cleveland to face the Cavs on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 15 ) got the win as they upset the Washington Wizards ( 7 - 9 ) by a score of 108 - 104 . This was only the Lakers third win of the season but a vintage performance from Kobe Bryant made it one that Lakers fans and basketball fans can appreciate nonetheless . Kobe scored 12 of his 31 points in the fourth quarter , but it was a strong 34 - 22 start by the Lakers that gave them the advantage they needed to come out on top . After going back and forth Washington led 99 - 98 with 1:8 left in the game but Kobe came up clutch with a couple jumpers in the last minute to seal the deal . Kobe came out blazing with 18 points in the first half and led the Lakers on the night with a total of 31 points on 10 - 24 shooting , Bryant added three assists , two rebounds and one steal , in 35 minutes . Jordan Clarkson chipped in 18 points , four rebounds and three steals , also in 35 minutes . Julius Randle put up an impressive double - double consisting of 15 points and 19 rebounds , proving again to not only be a scorer but a beast on the glass . John Wall played well coming up with a huge three to bring the Wizards within two points with seven seconds left but it was not enough . Wall finished with 34 points , 11 assists , seven rebounds and two steals . Marcin Gortat contributed 18 points on 9 - 15 shooting , 10 rebounds , two steals and one block . Bradley Beal shot 4 - 12 and finished with 11 points , six assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . The Wizards as a team had a sloppy 23 turnovers in the game . Washington will be hosting Phoenix on Friday , and will look to bounce back . The Lakers will continue their eight game road trip on Friday in Atlanta .
The Washington Wizards ( 8 - 9 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 12 ) 109 - 106 on Friday . The Suns dropped their seventh game in eight tries in rather improbable fashion . Phoenix led until 1:42 in the fourth quarter , but were done in by a relentless Wizards squad that has suddenly rediscovered their offense . Bradley Beal led the way for the home team with a season - high 34 points , which he accomplished on 12 - of - 23 shooting . The Washington guard also equaled his season high with five three - pointers , after shooting only 14 percent ( 2 - for - 14 ) from beyond the arc the previous two games . Spearheaded by Beal 's outstanding efforts , the Wizards won the final period 31 - 21 , and also dominated down low , outscoring the visitors in the paint 50 - 40 . Phoenix was led by Eric Bledsoe , who managed 22 points , seven assists and four rebounds , along with a pair of steals . However , the Suns ' shooting guard had his hands full throughout the night trying to contain Beal , which he largely failed to accomplish . His backourt mate and partner - in - crime Brandon Knight was second with 19 points , five rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Jon Leuer received a second consecutive start in place of Markieff Morris , and although he could n't replicate his 20 - point outing from Wednesday , he did post a second straight double - digit scoring effort with 13 points over 23 minutes . Morris did play , albeit off the bench , but ended up outpacing Leuer with 28 minutes on the floor , posting 10 points over that span . T.J. Warren led the reserves with 11 points . The Suns fell to 8 - 12 and currently reside in third place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Memphis to face the Grizzlies on Sunday . John Wall supported Beal 's performance with 17 points , nine assists , five rebounds and a pair of steals . However , the Wizards ' bench supplied the majority of the rest of the offense on this night , as Otto Porter , Jr. was the only other Washington starter with double - digit scoring ( 13 ) . Ramon Sessions was second on the team in scoring with 18 points , his second - highest total of the season , and added a pair of assists and a steal . Gary Neal also kicked in 12 points , a season - high six rebounds , and an assist . The Wizards improved to 8 - 9 but remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a date versus the Mavericks on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 12 - 9 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 8 - 10 ) 116 - 104 on Sunday . It took a couple weeks into the season for Wes Matthews to warm up , but the ex - Trail Blazer has started to show signs of his previously injured self , as the shooting guard went for 36 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting from the 3 - point line . Matthews added six rebounds and five assists to his stellar afternoon and is now seeing a healthy share of minutes , compared to the limited usage seen in the first 15 games . The Mavericks played well as a unit and moved the ball well around the arc , totalling 25 assists to compliment 52 percent 3 - point shooting . Dirk Nowitzki is quietly shooting 50 percent from the floor in 2015 - 16 , and added to his supreme shot selection by finishing with 19 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and four assists . Raymond Felton fell short of triple - double , completing 11 points , 10 rebounds and six assists , while his backcourt counterpart , Deron Williams , added 11 points , seven rebounds and nine assists . All five Mavericks starters finished in double figures , as the team pulled away from the Wizards early in the 4th quarter and coasted to their 12th win of the season . The Wizards were unable to compete under the rim after losing the rebound battle , 50 - 31 , in their own arena . The resulting problem was likely behind the injuries of Nene ( calf ) and Kris Humphries ( ankle ) , who sat out alongside Drew Gooden ( coach decision ) . Otto Porter physically clawed his way to grab 11 boards , in addition to 15 points , but struggled from the field and finished 7 - of - 17 in the effort . John Wall led all Wizards scorers with 28 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Bradley Beal chipped in a 21 point effort on 7 - of - 19 shooting and looked to improve his range after finishing 4 - of - 6 from deep . Veteran Gary Neal was the most effective bench option , adding 18 points , two rebounds and three assists in 34 minutes off the bench . Both teams play back - to - backs on Monday . The Wizards visit the Miami Heat ( 12 - 6 ) , while the Mavericks head to Madison Square Garden to face the New York Knicks ( 10 - 11 ) .
The Houston Rockets ( 11 - 12 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 9 - 11 ) 109 - 103 Wednesday at the Verizon Center in Washington , D.C. It was a matchup of two teams failing to live up to expectations , and both relied heavily on their star power to get through the matchup . After the Rockets jumped out to a 13 - point lead at the end of the first quarter , the Wizards bounced back with two impressive quarters of their own and entered the final period with a one - point edge . However , James Harden proved to be too much in the end for Washington . Harden finished with a game - high 42 points , nine rebounds and seven assists in 40 minutes , and absolutely took over in the fourth quarter . Houston’s other star , Dwight Howard , shot just 1 - of - 4 from the field and finished with four points , but was active on the glass , grabbing nine rebounds . Corey Brewer ( 15 ) , Patrick Beverly ( 14 ) and Clint Cappella ( 10 ) round out the four Houston players who scored in double figures . For the Wizards , John Wall did all he could to keep his team in the game , but it ultimately was not enough . The point guard finished with 26 points , 12 assists and nine rebounds in 39 minutes , and while each of the other four starters scored in double figures , the team lacked production from their reserves . The four Washington players to come off the bench managed to score just 21 points . The team also did not do themselves any favors by recording 18 turnovers to just 20 assists . Up next , the Rockets will head home Saturday to take on the Lakers , while the Wizards will travel to New Orleans Friday to play the Pelicans .
The Washington Wizards ( 11 - 14 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets 109 - 101 on Saturday . Ever since Bradley Beal was diagnosed with the initial stages of a stress fracture in his lower right fibula on December 12 , the Wizards have been even more reliant than usual on All-Star point guard John Wall . The 25 - year - old has responded well with 20 - and - 26 - point efforts in two of the three games since , but his own health was in question heading into Saturday 's contest . Wall had sprained an ankle in Friday 's practice , and there had been some doubt shortly thereafter as to whether he 'd be healthy enough to take the court . With Otto Porter already ruled out for the game with a thigh bruise , the Wizards were facing the grim possibility of taking on a talented Hornets squad without three starters . However , Wall answered the bell and shook off the ankle tweak to post his fifth straight double - double performance . He amassed 27 points , 12 assists , four rebounds , three steals and a block over 42 outstanding minutes to lead Washington to an important Eastern Conference victory . Charlotte received a balance offensive effort from their starters , with Kemba Walker leading the way with 18 points , three rebounds , two assists and three steals . Nicolas Batum , who 'd missed Charlotte 's last game with an illness , came back to contribute across the stat sheet , tallying 14 points , eight assists , six rebounds , three steals and a block . Cody Zeller and P.J. Hairston were the other two starters in double digits , with 11 and 10 points , respectively . Marvin Williams was the only Hornets starter to score under ten points , but still came within a point and an assist of a double - double . Jeremy Lin followed up his stellar 35 - point effort as a starter in Batum 's stead on Thursday with a 15 - point outing that paced the Hornets bench . The Hornets fell to 15 - 11 and are now in a second - place tie with the Orlando Magic in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They travel to Houston to face the Rockets on Monday . In addition to Wall 's memorable performance , the Wizards also got quality play from the fill - ins for their two injured starters . Kelly Oubre , Jr. did a solid job replacing Otto Porter for the evening , managing eight points , five rebounds and a block over 22 minutes . Meanwhile , Garrett Temple , who 'd turned in sub - par efforts in Bradley Beal 's stead in the first three games as his replacement , exploded for a season - high 21 points ( on a season - best 78 shooting percentage from the field ) , five rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Jared Dudley ( 19 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals ) and Marcin Gortat ( 18 points , six rebounds , an assist , a steal and four blocks ) rounded out what was an outstanding night for the Washington starters . With such productive outings from their front - line players , the Wizards only needed 16 points from their bench in the victory . Washington improved to 11 - 14 but remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They face off against the Sacramento Kings at home on Monday .
The Washington Wizards ( 12 - 14 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 11 - 17 ) 113 - 99 on Monday . John Wall has unsurprisingly been outstanding in the absence of backcourt mate Bradley Beal while the latter is sidelined with a lower leg injury , but it was another Wizards stalwart that stole the show against the Kings . Marcin Gortat exploded for a 27 - point , 16 - rebound double - double in which he made a season - high 19 shot attempts . The scoring total was also a high - water mark on the season for the nine - year veteran , and he 's now managed double - doubles in four of the last seven contests . While Wall and Garrett Temple each had notable contributions of their own , the Wizards ' big man spearheaded the Washington attack with his best performance of the season . The visitors endured a sub - par night from their starting five , with only DeMarcus Cousins ( 22 points , eight rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) and Rudy Gay ( 16 points , seven rebounds , two steals and a block ) managing double - digit scoring efforts . Rajon Rondo struggled through a 1 for 7 shooting performance that netted a season - low two points , and could only contribute nine assists and a steal otherwise . Quality reserves Marco Bellinelli and Darren Collison led the Kings ' bench with 15 - and - 13 point outings , respectively . Sacramento could only muster 41 percent shooting from the field , and a 32 percent figure from beyond the arc . The Kings fell to 11 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They face off against the Indiana Pacers in a Wednesday road tilt . Wall supplemented Gortat 's breakout night with a career - high 19 assists , and added 12 points , a pair of rebounds and four steals . Although he shot particularly poorly ( 27 percent ) for the third time in four games , the All-Star point guard proved his vast worth by setting up his teammates continuously for scoring opportunities . Temple also provided outstanding offensive support , managing his second straight 20 - point performance with a 23 - point , five - rebound , three - assist tally over a robust 42 minutes . Jared Dudley was the fourth Washington starter in double digits with 13 points , while Ramon Sessions and Kris Humphries paced the Wizards bench with a pair of 15 - point efforts . Washington improved to 12 - 14 but remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They are home again Wednesday for a showdown with the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Washington Wizards ( 13 - 14 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 16 - 15 ) 100 - 91 on Wednesday . A solid playoff team last season , the Wizards endured a rough first quarter of their season , struggling to a 9 - 12 record over their first 21 games . To make matters worse , standout shooting guard Bradley Beal was diagnosed with the initial stages of a stress reaction in his lower right fibula back on Dec. 12 and starting small forward Otto Porter , Jr. was sidelined with a thigh bruise on Dec. 16 , potentially setting the stage for further difficulties . However , Washington has found a way to band together over the last six contests , amassing a 4 - 2 record over that span , including a current streak of three straight victories . They 've done so largely on the strength of valiant efforts from stalwart veterans John Wall and Marcin Gortat , and admirable performances from bench players thrown into starting roles due to the aforementioned injuries . Wednesday 's victory exemplified the Wizards ' textbook teamwork , with all five starters tallying double - digit scoring , including current fill - ins Garrett Temple and Kelly Oubre , Jr . The Grizzlies received strong outings from three of their most dependable players , but also were hampered by considerably lackluster efforts from the remaining members of their starting five . The ever - steady Mike Conley led the way for the visitors with a game - high 21 points , along with a trio of rebounds and assists . Marc Gasol managed a modest 11 points , but hauled in six rebounds and added a pair of assists and a pair of blocks . Jeff Green posted his first double - double of the season , accumulating 19 points and adding 12 boards over 38 minutes . However , Matt Barnes ( two points on 1 for 6 shooting ) and Courtney Lee ( eight points ) , who 'd been productive contributors as of late , were not able to get on track . Zach Randolph continued his strong play from the bench , pacing the Grizzlies ' reserves with 16 points and five rebounds . Memphis fell to 16 - 15 and currently resides in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Saturday . Wall shook off a rib injury that he 'd sustained in the final minute of Monday 's victory over the Kings to impressively post a fourth consecutive double - double with 14 points and 14 assists . The All-Star point guard 's shooting was perhaps at least partially affected by his ailment , as he could only muster a 28 percent accuracy rate from the field , his second straight sub - par game in that department following a 27 percent showing Monday . Temple continued his stellar tenure as a starter in Beal 's stead , posting his third consecutive performance with at least 20 points . The six - year pro pitched in 20 points , six rebounds and an assist . Oubre was solid in his own right in place of Porter , pouring in 10 points and hauling in seven boards . Gortat continued to prove his ability to take on a sizable offensive load while Beal is sidelined , managing his second straight double - double ( 12 points , 12 rebounds ) , and fifth in the last eight contests . Jared Dudley rounded out a productive night for the starting five with a stat - sheet - filling tally of 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ramon Sessions paced the Wizards bench with 16 points over 30 minutes . Washington improved to 13 - 14 but remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Brooklyn to face off with the Nets on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 20 - 13 ) stifled the Washington Wizards ( 15 - 17 ) en route to a 97 - 75 win on Sunday night . The key to Miami 's success this season has been their defense and it was dominant on Sunday . They held Washington to just 34 percent shooting from the field and 14 percent from long distance . The difference in the game was the second quarter , in which Miami scored 25 points while holding Washington to just seven points . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , as they won that battle 54 - 45 . These teams are going in opposite directions right now and this result is indicative of the two teams recent play . Miami has the second - best defense in the NBA and they did a heck of a job today if slowing down a potent Wizards attack . Hassan Whiteside was a beast once again down low , as he added to his league - leading block total with another six swats in this game . Chris Bosh was the star of the game though , as he scored 23 points and snatched down seven rebounds . Most people wondered how a veteran team like this would perform this season , but they are simply slowing games down and winning with stingy defense . That 's a recipe for a deep playoff run and the Heat have the players with the experience to guide them there . It 's good the veteran starters got to rest late in this game , as they play the second half of a back - to - back on Monday against the Indiana Pacers . This was a disappointing result for a team who has been a disappointment all season . After breaking out last year , they appear to be regressing in a much deeper Eastern Conference . Blowout losses like this at home are a bad sign for future endeavors and one has to wonder if their rub last year was a fluke . They have now lost three of their last four games with the offense really struggling . No player scored more than 14 points and the only notable line was a double - double from Marcin Gortat . It doesn’t get much easier for Washington , as they have to take on the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday in their next scheduled game .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 24 - 9 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 15 - 18 ) 121 - 115 on Wednesday . Kyrie Irving has progressively improved since returning from the fractured kneecap he suffered in last season 's Finals versus the Warriors . He 's increased his playing time over the seven games he 's played to date , and had gotten up to almost a full allotment , 29 minutes , in the Cavs ' most recent contest versus the Raptors on Monday . The stage appeared set for the All-Star point guard to receive a regular share of minutes Wednesday , and Irving certainly did n't disappoint . He poured in 34 points , 19 of which came in an explosive final period , to lead Cleveland to a high - scoring victory . He also complemented the scoring with five rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block , all over a robust 34 minutes that provided unequivocable proof that Irving is back at full strength and ready to contribute to a Cavs championship push . Despite his impressive performance , Irving was not the team - high scorer on the night . That honor unsurprisingly fell to LeBron James , who posted a monster 34 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . He added four assists , a steal and a block for good measure . J.R. Smith was a prolific third scoring wheel , pitching in with 25 points , three rebounds , an assist and three steals , his second straight 20 - point - plus performance . The effort included five three - pointers in 10 attempts , giving Smith an impressive 13 baskets from beyond the arc over the last two contests . Tristan Thompson continued his stretch of solid play at the center position , posting 12 points , three rebounds and an assist , while Kevin Love pitched in with eight points , nine rebounds , a pair of steals and a block . The Cavaliers improved to 24 - 9 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Central Division . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Friday . The home team received solid efforts from all five starters , and would have likely prevailed if they 'd been up against almost any other team on Wednesday . They shot an outstanding 55 percent from the field , and a particularly stellar 58 from long range . The Wizards were led by Garrett Temple 's 21 points . After five straight sub - par scoring efforts , it was Temple 's first 20 - point - plus performance since Dec. 23 versus the Grizzlies . John Wall churned out yet another double double , tallying 20 points ( including a perfect 4 for 4 from beyond the arc ) and dishing out 12 assists . Meanwhile , Jared Dudley , Otto Porter , Jr. and Marcin Gortat all managed 12 - point efforts , and contributed solid shares of rebounds , assists and steals as well . Gary Neal paced the Washington reserves with 13 points , a rebound and an assist . The Wizards fell to 15 - 18 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 'll be at home again on Friday to take on the Toronto Raptors .
The Toronto Raptors ( 23 - 15 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 15 - 19 ) 97 - 88 on Friday . If this keeps up , DeMar DeRozan 's approval rating in Washington is going to sink faster than that of some politicans.The Raptors ' shooting guard has been positively deadly against the Wizards this season , and particularly the last two games . Just eight days ago , he blasted Washington for 34 points , six rebounds , five assists , a pair of steals and a pair of blocks in Toronto . Friday , the nation 's capital was the scene of the crime , with the 26 - year - old besting his prior effort by tallying 35 points , equaling his season high with eight rebounds , and adding an assist , a block and a steal . Factoring in his 20 - point outing in the season 's initial meeting between the two teams back on Nov. 28 , DeRozan has now averaged just under 30 points per contest against one of the worst defenses in the league versus shooting guards . Backcourt mate Kyle Lowry played second banana to DeRozan on this night , but still managed an impressive double - double . He totaled 21 points and added 10 boards , four assists , four steals and a block , with the only blemish being his six turnovers . Luis Scola was the only other starter whose points reached double figures , with the power forward posting 11 points and hauling in five rebounds . Corey Joseph led the reserves with eight points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . The Raptors improved to 23 - 15 and remain atop the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Philadelphia for a Saturday showdown with the Sixers . As customary , John Wall led the way for Washington with 21 points , four assists and three blocks . However , like his counterpart on the Raptors , he was a bit careless with the ball , committing seven turnovers . Otto Porter was next on the totem pole , collecting 16 points , five rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block . Marcin Gortat , who along with Wall has been one of the main sources of offensive production during Bradley Beal 's absence , was the only other starter with double - digit points . The Wizards ' big man posted a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that he supplemented with three assists and three blocks . Ramon Sessions put together one of his typically productive efforts off the bench to pace the Washington reserves , pouring in 14 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a block . The Wizards fell to 15 - 19 and remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head to Orlando for a Saturday afternoon showdown versus the Magic .
The Boston Celtics ( 22 - 19 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 19 - 20 ) 119 - 117 on Saturday . With backcourt mate Bradley Beal taking the night off to rest , John Wall predictably exploded across the stat sheet , managing 36 points , 13 assists , seven rebounds , seven steals and a block . It was the All-Star point guard 's third straight double - double when Beal has been out of the lineup . However , the game 's final play turned the night into a bittersweet one for both Wall and the team . Following a Jae Crowder basket with just under three seconds left and the Celtics up by two , Wall ran the length of the court and appeared to have a game - tying gim me layup in his sights . However , the 25 - year - old put a bit too much mustard on the ball and it bounced out as time expired , sending Boston home winners . The Celtics were led by Isaiah Thomas , who in conjunction with Wall , put on a terrific show . Thomas managed 32 points , five assists , four rebounds and a steal , but did commit seven turnovers . Crowder was outstanding in support , collecting 22 points , eight rebounds and six assists , including the game - winning basket . Jared Sullinger came just a rebound short of a double - double , tallying 14 points and hauling in nine boards . Marcus Smart and Kelly Olynyk paced the Boston reserves with 13 and 11 points , respectively . No other Wizards player came close to Wall 's oustanding scoring total , but Marcin Gortat did return from a knee infection to post a solid 18 points , 11 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks . The big man encouragingly played 36 minutes and did not appear to show any ill effects from his recent injury . Jared Dudley was next with 15 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a steal , while Garrett Temple turned in another serviceable performance in Beal 's stead , collecting 12 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . Kelly Oubre filled in productively for Otto Porter , Jr. , registering 10 points , six rebounds and two steals . Gary Neal paced the Washington reserves with 10 points , three rebounds and a steal . The Celtics head to Dallas for a Monday matchup against the Mavericks , while the Wizards remain home and await the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Washington Wizards ( 20 - 21 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 23 - 20 ) 106 - 87 on Wednesday . The bruised , weary , and depleted Heat are running out of able bodies , and it showed in their play on Wednesday . Fresh off a six - game road swing through the Western Conference and a subsequent 91 - 79 loss to the Bucks at American Airlines Arena in South Florida on Tuesday , Miami hit the road again shortly after the conclusion of that contest . Already down their top two point guards , the Heat then found out shortly before the game that Dwyane Wade would give his ailing shoulders a rest against the Wizards , leaving Gerald Green , who 'd been battling some knee tendinitis himself , in a starting role . Then , midway through the second quarter , injury befell one of the few healthy starters left , as Hassan Whiteside went out with a strained oblique and was unable to return . All of the personnel changes led to some predictably sluggish and sloppy play , with Miami turning the ball over 21 times , leading to 27 points for the home team . The visitors were spearheaded by the most talented healthy body remaining , Chris Bosh . The forward managed 18 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Luol Deng , the other front - line player not watching from the bench , was next in line with 16 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a block . Tyler Johnson , filling in once again for both Goran Dragic ( calf ) and Beno Udrih ( neck ) , bounced back from an abysmal outing versus the Bucks by totaling 14 points , five assists and two rebounds . Veteran Amar'e Stoudemire paced the Heat bench with a season - high 11 points . The Heat fell to 23 - 20 - - their sixth loss in the last seven games - - and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They now head to Toronto for a matchup with the Raptors on Friday . Washington was led by a pair of 18 - point efforts from a familiar duo , John Wall and Bradley Beal . Wall did his damage as a starter over 32 minutes , and added 10 assists and four rebounds . Beal , in turn , turned in his effort in a reserve role over 25 minutes . He supplemented his scoring with three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Nene Hilario was next in line with an outstanding all - around performance , posting 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and five steals . Marcin Gortat took advantage of an extended stretch without Whiteside in front of him , putting together his fifth straight double - double with 15 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and a pair of blocks . Garrett Temple was productive as well , amassing 11 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Wizards improved to 20 - 21 and are now in a third - place tie with the Orlando Magic in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home and await the Utah Jazz for a Saturday evening showdown .
The Boston Celtics ( 25 - 21 ) defeated the host Washington Wizards ( 20 - 22 ) 116 - 91 at Verizon Center on Monday . This was the second game in as many nights for the Celtics but they showed no signs of fatigue . Contrarily , the Wizards came into this game after a four - day break . The extra long time between games was a result of their last game being cancelled due to inclement weather . Boston played a great team game , with six players scoring in double digits . Three of those players came from the bench and contributed to a total 60 bench points . Isaiah Thomas led the Celtics in scoring with a game - high 23 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with nine assists and four rebounds , in 28 minutes . Evan Turner came up big off the bench . Turner tallied 18 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and three assists . Marcus Smart was also strong off the bench , as he finished with 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 32 minutes . Boston has now extended its win streak to three games and its record versus the Wizards this season to 40 . Despite getting Drew Gooden and Otto Porter back in the lineup , the Wizards were not able to keep up with the Celtics in this one . They gave up 20 turnovers and only shot 42 percent from the field as a team . Porter started in place of Jared Dudley and finished with a solid 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG ) , six rebounds and two assists , in 29 minutes . Jared Dudley pitched in 15 points ( 5 - 7 FG ) , in 31 minutes off the bench . Marcin Gortat finished with a double - double including 10 points ( 3 - 5 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds , in 29 minutes . Bradley Beal left the game early in the first half after being hit in the face and suffering a bleeding nose . The Wizards head straight to Toronto , where they will play their second game in two nights . The Raptors have been hot lately and pose another Atlantic Division threat to Washington . The Celtics have a day off before they host the Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 18 - 29 ) handed a 117 - 113 loss to the Washington Wizards ( 20 - 24 ) on Washington Bullets throwback night at Verizon Center . After losing four of their previous five outings , the Denver Nuggets were able to turn their luck around against the sliding Washington Wizards . Small forward Danillo Gallinari paved the way for the win with a team - high 26 . Meanwhile , rookie Emmanuel Mudiay showed a scoring touch with a season second - best of 20 points . Sixth man Will Barton again posted starter - like numbers off the bench , going for 15 points , three rebounds , three assists , two steals , and a block in 26 minutes of play . The team as a whole shot 51 percent from the field and hit 9 of their 18 three - point attempts . Washington also came into Thursday 's matchup having lost four of their last five ; however , their slide did not show signs of stopping . Despite staging somewhat of a late - game comeback , Washington was unable to lead Denver in the second half . Recently-named All-Star John Wall neared a double - double with 17 points and nine assists , but shot just 5 for 17 from the field . Washington simply could n't out - shoot the red hot Nuggets , despite holding a whopping 37 - 15 advantage on the fast break . The Nuggets will square off next against the Pacers on Sunday in Denver . Meanwhile , the Wizards will take to the road against Houston .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 45 - 4 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 21 - 26 ) in a fast - paced , high - scoring contest Wednesday at Verizon Center , 134 - 121 . Stephen Curry caught fire from beyond the arc , as he tied a career high with 11 made three - pointers on 16 attempts and scored 51 points to lead all scorers . It overshadowed a fantastic performance from John Wall who scored 41 points ( 17 - 25 FG , 3 - 3 3PT ) and dished 10 assists , but it was n't enough to defeat the first place Warriors , who sunk 20 three - pointers as a team . Curry was backed up by another triple - double from Draymond Green ( 12 points , 12 assists , and 10 rebounds to go with five blocks ) , his NBA-leading 11th of the season . Klay Thompson unleashed his own three - point barrage , as he sunk six of his 13 attempts and scored 24 points . The Warriors ' ball movement was on sharp display , as Golden_State assisted on 35 of their 49 made field goals ( 71 percent ) . Wall was the only one of Washington 's starters to reach double - digits , but Bradley Beal scored 18 points in 29 minutes off the bench , and Nene dropped an efficient 12 points and seven rebounds in just 19 minutes . Ramon Sessions added 12 points on 5 - 6 shooting . The Wizards made a respectable 8 of 23 three - pointers ( 34 percent ) , but that left them with a 24 - point deficit at the three - point line against Golden_State , too much to make up . The Warriors have won eight straight and return home for a matchup against Oklahoma City on Saturday . The Wizards will take on the 76ers Friday in Washington .
John Wall had a triple - double in the Washington Wizards ' ( 22 - 26 ) 106 - 94 win over the Philadelphia 76ers ( 7 - 43 ) . Wall exploded for 18 points , 13 rebounds , and 10 assists as Washington rolled past their Eastern Conference opponent . All five starters scored in double digits for the Wizards , as Bradley Beal led the way with 22 . Center Marcin Gortat , meanwhile , posted a double - double with 22 points and 13 rebounds . The win comes on the heels of a loss to the powerhouse Golden State Warriors in which Wall led the team with 41 points . The Sixers , meanwhile , remain at the bottom of the NBA totem pole . After a historically bad start , Philadelphia began to show some promise in January ; however , they could not push past Washington . Midseason acquisition Ish Smith led the team with 22 points to go along with five rebounds and five assists . Promising sophomore center Nerlens Noel also had a strong showing , blocking four shots , grabbing a steal , and pulling down eight rebounds . Philly will have the weekend off before facing the Clippers on Monday . The Wizards , meanwhile , see action again on Sunday as they take on Charlotte .
In the first game of NBA action since teams took a break for All-Star weekend , the Washington Wizards ( 24 - 28 ) emerged victorious with a 103 - 89 win over the Utah Jazz ( 26 - 27 ) . The Wizards , a second - round playoff team in 2014 - 15 , have disappointed thus far , currently holding tenth place in the Eastern Conference . The turbulent team was one of just a few franchises around the league to make a move before Thursday 's trade deadline , dealing a top - nine protected 2016 first - rounder as well as Kris Humphries and Dejuan Blair for Suns power forward Markieff Morris . Washington got off to a good post - deadline start with an emphatic win over Utah . Center Marcin Gortat led the way for the Wiz with 22 points , which he complemented with 10 rebounds and a big five blocked shots . All-Star John Wall , meanwhile , notched a double - double with 17 points and 11 assists . As a whole , the Wizards posed a problem for Utah on offense , as the team stole the ball an impressive 14 times in total . The Jazz , meanwhile , entered the All-Star break with momentum , having won seven of their previous eight . It did not carry over into Washington , however , as the Wizards held a steady lead throughout . Star small forward Gordon Hayward led the team in scoring , per usual , with 19 . Breakout contributor Rodney Hood , meanwhile , pitched in 18 . Turnovers , however , killed the Jazz , as the team coughed the ball up 23 times in total . Utah will play host to the equally hot Boston Celtics on Friday . The Wizards , meanwhile , will visit the Heat on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 25 - 28 ) won their second straight game out of the All-Star break Friday , defeating the Detroit Pistons ( 27 - 28 ) 98 - 86 . Trade deadline acquisition Markieff Morris made his debut with the Wizards on Friday after being dealt just before the deadline by the Phoenix Suns . The controversial power forward had been the center of trade talks for much of the 2015 - 16 season , and was finally moved to Washington in exchange for a top - nine protected pick , Kris Humphries , and Dejuan Blair . Morris underwhelmed in 22 minutes of play , going just 2 - for - 8 from the field for six points while pulling down two rebounds . The Wizards as a whole , however , did not disappoint , carrying the momentum from their emphatic win over Utah into Friday 's contest . All-Star John Wall took the game over , leading the team with 22 points while also notching eight rebounds and dishing out eight assists . The former first overall pick continues to be a bright spot for the team as they attempt to find their way back into the playoff picture . Center Marcin Gortat , meanwhile , neared a double - double , recording 15 points and nine rebounds . The Pistons also introduced a new face on Friday , as forward Tobias Harris debuted with the team . Harris made an immediate impact , leading the team with 21 points . The former Orlando wing 's performance was complemented by yet another double - double from monster center Andre Drummond . The 22 - year - old first - time All-Star leads the league in both double - doubles and rebounds as of Friday . The loss keeps Detroit at ninth in the Eastern Conference , with a tight race for the playoffs sure to ensue . Washington now sits just two games out from the playoffs , and the sixth through tenth teams in the East are separated by a matter of only a few games . Both teams next face the Pelicans , with the Pistons taking on New Orleans on Sunday and the Wizards seeing them on Tuesday .
With a triple - double from John Wall and six three - pointers from Jared Dudley providing a spark , the Washington Wizards ( 26 - 29 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 22 - 34 ) 109 - 89 on Tuesday . John Wall , the Wizards ' perennial All-Star point guard , once again cleared a path for the Wizards to win , recording 16 points , 12 rebounds , and 11 assists . Despite the strong counting stats , Wall went just 5 - for - 17 from the field . His less than stellar shooting was made up for , however , by a strong shooting performance from forward Jared Dudley , who hit a season - high six three - pointers . As a team , the Wizards posted an admirable 29 assists while managing to disrupt New_Orleans ' ball movement , holding the Pelicans to just 17 total dimes . The blowout win advances the Wizards to 3 - 1 out of the All-Star break , with the sole loss coming on the third day of a rare back - to - back - to - back caused by a postponed game . Washington now sits at tenth in the East , and has a chance to make a push for the hotly - contested eighth seed down the stretch . For New_Orleans , Anthony Davis has been making headlines across the NBA over the past week . On Sunday , the 22 - year - old became just the fourth active player to score 59 points in a single game , and did it while also pulling down a whopping 20 rebounds . The superstar followed up the monster night with another 20 - rebound performance on Tuesday , though he failed to reach double - digit scoring . In fact , it was a weak outing overall for the Pelicans ' starting five , as no starter scored more than nine points on the night . Sixth man Jrue Holiday , however , stepped up to deliver 20 points and seven assists off the bench . Overall , however , it was not New_Orleans ' night , as the team shot a paltry 35 percent from the field . The loss snaps a brief two - game win streak for New_Orleans following the break . New_Orleans will face a challenging matchup against the 40 - win Thunder on Thursday . Washington , meanwhile , will hope to continue to win as they travel to Chicago on Wednesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 29 - 30 ) held on for a road win over the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 52 ) Monday night at Verizon Center , 116 - 108 . The 76ers are now mathematically eliminated from playoff contention with the loss . Philadelphia erased a 12 - point Wizards halftime lead with a 26 - 4 run to open the third quarter , and the 76ers extended their lead as high as seven points in the fourth quarter . But the Wizards starters would n't go down without a fight , as John Wall , Marcin Gortat and Markieff Morris combined to score 22 of Washington 's 24 points in the final nine minutes of the game as the Wizards earned a critical comeback win in their pursuit of an Eastern Conference playoff berth . Wzll exploded for a game - high 37 points ( 13 - 26 FG , 2 - 4 3PT , 9 - 12 FT ) and dished seven assists . Gortat and Morris each posted double - doubles , with Gortat scoring 18 ( 7 - 14 FG ) and grabbing 20 rebounds and Morris notching 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) and securing 13 boards . The only other Wizard to go over 10 points was Bradley Beal , who shot a brutal 7 - 20 from the floor for 16 points . Ish Smith led the 76ers with 25 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 3 - 6 3PT , 4 - 7 FT ) and recorded seven assits . Carl Landry was their next leading scorer in just 18 minutes off the bench as he poured in 15 points on 6 - 8 shooting . The 76ers could n't find their shots from deep ( 10 - 32 , 31 percent ) or the free throw line ( 12 - 21 , 57 percent ) and their inaccuracy allowed a winnable game to slip through their fingers . The 76ers next host the Hornets at home on Wednesday . The Wizards take to the road Wednesday for a matchup against the Timberwolves .
The Indiana Pacers ( 33 - 30 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 30 - 32 ) 100 - 99 on Saturday . The competitive battle between the conference rivals saw Washington jump out to a 64 - 56 halftime lead on the strength of some stellar shooting , and solid work on the glass by their frontcourt duo of Markieff Morris and Marcin Gortat . However , the Pacers came out of intermission reinvigorated , and outscored the Wizards 44 - 35 in the second half . The game was n't decided until the last shot , as Washington 's Alan Anderson committed a back - breaking shooting foul on Paul George with three seconds remaining and the Wizards clinging to a 99 - 98 lead . George drained both attempts from the charity stripe , giving Indiana the one - point advantage and leaving the home team with a final possession to secure the win . The ball found its way into the hands of the man who gave the Wizards the best chance at a victory , John Wall , but the All-Star guard could n't get a 17 - footer to fall as time expired . George 's mammoth 38 - point night led the Pacers , and he added six rebounds , two assists and a steal . Monta Ellis was a distant second with a solid 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and four steals . George Hill contributed 12 points , five assists , three rebounds and a block . Jordan Hill led the reserves with 10 points and nine boards , although he also turned the ball over five times . The Pacers are currently in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They 're home on Monday to take on the San Antonio Spurs . Wall led the way for the Wizards with a 25 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and two steals . Morris pitched in with 14 points , eight rebounds and a steal . Bradley Beal celebrated his return to the starting lineup with a 12 - point , three - assist , two - rebound effort . Garrett Temple , the man he replaced in the starting five , rebounded from a scoreless outing on Friday to supply 11 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal while pacing the reserves . The Wizards are in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and a game back of the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers on Tuesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 31 - 35 ) obliterated the Detroit Pistons ( 34 - 33 ) in a key game in the race for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot Monday night at Verizon Center , 124 - 81 . The Wizards rattled off a 26 - 3 run to take a 30 - 7 lead late in the first quarter and never looked back . They took a 21 - point lead into halftime and never led by fewer than 20 points in the entire second half . Nene 's 20 points off the bench led all scorers in an ultra - efficient performance , as the Wizards center knocked down eight of nine shots and grabbed three rebounds and dished three assists . John Wall distributed a game - high 12 assists to go with 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG ) and Marcin Gortat ( 8 - 13 FG ) scored 16 to lead Washington 's starting unit . The Wizards faced no resistance , as they shot a stellar 57 percent from the floor ( 51 - 90 ) . Kentavius Caldwell-Pope 's 18 points led the Pistons , as he was the only Pistons starter to reach double - digits . Darrun Hilliard was the only one to do so off the bench , as he shot 3 - 5 from the floor ( 4 - 4 FT ) to score 10 points in 12 minutes . The Pistons shot a brutal 41 percent from the floor and 3 - 23 ( 13 percent ) and committed more turnovers ( 20 ) than assists ( 17 ) as they never had a chance . The Pistons host the Hawks at home on Wednesday . The Wizards remain at home to host the Bulls on Wednesday .
The Washington Wizards ( 34 - 35 ) defeated the New_York Knicks ( 28 - 42 ) 99 - 89 on Saturday . The game between the two conference rivals turned in a pivotal third quarter that the Wizards won handily , 33 - 13 . Washington was able to maximize the value of their starting five , with each member of the first unit managing double - digit scoring . The Wizards were particularly effective on defense after a first quarter in which the Knicks prevailed in , 29 - 20 . They elicited 17 turnovers from the visitors , while only committing eight themselves . They also drastically outperformed New_York in the paint , 48 - 24 . The Knicks were led by a pair of 20 - point efforts from Kristaps Porzingis and Carmelo Anthony . The former added seven rebounds , two assists and three blocks , while the latter hauled in seven boards , dished out five assists and recorded a steal . Jose Calderon was the only other starter that scored in double digits , tallying 10 points , two assists and a rebound . Arron Afflalo paced the bench with 10 points , three rebounds and an assist . New_York remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and is eight games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head home to take on the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Wizards ' attack was led by John Wall , who posted a 24 - point , 10 - assist double - double which also consisted of two rebounds , a steal and a block . Markieff Morris followed with 17 points , four rebounds , an assist and three steals . Otto Porter and Marcin Gortat contributed a pair of 15 - point outings , with the former adding six rebounds and an assist , and the latter supplying 11 boards , two assists and a block . Bradley Beal rounded things out for the first team with 10 points , six assists , three rebounds and a steal . The Wizards are in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and 2 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Atlanta to take on the Hawks on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 42 - 30 ) demolished the Washington Wizards ( 35 - 35 ) 122 - 101 on Wednesday in Washington D.C. Sixth man Dennis Schroder was a difference - maker for the Hawks , leading the team with 23 points off the bench . Schroder also dished out eight assists in what was an impressive showing all - around for the young guard . All-Star big man Paul Millsap was also able to stuff the stat sheet , scoring 17 points while pulling nine rebounds , dishing six assists , and grabbing three steals . The Hawks ran away with the game in the fourth quarter , expanding upon their lead with a 41 - 26 rout of the home team . The win leaves Atlanta in a three - way tie with Miami and Boston for the third seed in the Eastern Conference . For the Wizards , meanwhile , playoff hopes are starting to fade as the team remains 3 games away from eighth in the conference . The crushing loss came at the worst possible time for the team who is fighting to extend its season into late May . Turnovers were a major issue for the Wizards on Wednesday , as the team coughed up the ball 18 times in total . Sub-par perimeter defense also played a major role in the defeat , as the Hawks were able to drain 17 three - pointers on the night . All-Star John Wall , meanwhile , was one of the main issues in what was a poor shooting night for the team . Wall was just 6 - for - 17 from the field . Both teams will have home games on Friday , with the Wizards hosting the Timberwolves and the Hawks hosting the Bucks .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 24 - 48 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 35 - 37 ) 132 - 129 in double overtime on Friday . The team that is already out of playoff contention apparently wanted it just a bit more Friday . The Timberwolves mounted an improbable comeback in the final minutes of regulation to force overtime , and then hit a clutch three - pointer in the final seconds of the first extra period to set up the unlikely victory . The Wizards held a 108 - 101 lead with 2:23 remaining when Minnesota began to chip away at their deficit . A quick 50 run by the Timberwolves got them within two , and after a Nene Hilario free throw , Gorgui Dieng managed to tie the game with a 24 - foot three - pointer with 19 seconds remaining . Bradley Beal 's missed three - pointer with a second left sent the game into the first overtime in a 109 - 109 deadlock . The fifth quarter saw the two teams trade the advantage multiple times , and then a Zach LaVine 29 - foot three - pointer with 11 seconds left tied matters up at 121 . Beal missed a second game - winning trey at the buzzer , as the two teams lived on to play past the 60 - minute mark . The second overtime period saw Minnesota score the last four points of the game over the final 43 seconds , as Jared Dudley missed a pair of three - pointers and Marcin Gortat was unable to drain either of his two free - throw attempts for the Wizards over that span . Karl-Anthony Towns spearheaded a successful night for the Timberwolves starting unit , totaling 27 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and a steal . Zach LaVine was next with 25 points , four assists and two steals . Dieng contributed 18 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Andrew Wiggins supplied 16 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ricky Rubio rounded things out for the starting five with 13 points , seven assists , five rebounds and two steals . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Utah Jazz on Saturday night . Despite coming up short in crunch time , Beal led the way for the Wizards with 26 points , five assists , four rebounds and a steal . John Wall was right behind him with 22 points , 16 assists , three rebounds and two steals . Gortat contributed a 19 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Otto Porter , Jr. was outstanding in his own right , managing 14 points , 13 rebounds , an assist and a block . Hilario paced the reserves with 19 points , four assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . The Wizards are currently in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Los Angeles to take on the Lakers in Sunday tilt .
The Washington Wizards ( 39 - 41 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 46 - 34 ) 113 - 98 on Sunday . The Wizards were unsuccessful in their bid to garner a playoff spot , but entered Sunday trying to finish the season off on a positive note . With the postseason out of reach , John Wall sat out a third consecutive game with his knee injury . Ramon Sessions was in the starting five again in Wall 's stead , and acquitted himself well once more . He contributed a 15 - point , 11 - assist double - double , and added five rebounds and a steal . The bench was also highly productive , contributing 53 points on the day . The Hornets were led by Frank Kaminsky III in a reserve role , as he pitched in 18 points and 11 rebounds . Kemba Walker led the starting five with 16 points , seven assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Marvin Williams pitched in with 14 points , six boards and three assists . Nicolas Batum tallied 10 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Al Jefferson was efficient on the second unit as well , managing 10 points and seven rebounds . Charlotte remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Boston to take on the Celtics on Monday night . The Wizards were paced by Marcin Gortat 's 21 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , which was supplemented with four assists and a block . Markieff Morris managed 11 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Otto Porter , Jr. supplied 10 points and two rebounds . Marcus Thornton led the reserves with 16 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Nene Hilario was next with 12 points , five rebounds and two blocks . Jared Dudley filled out the stat sheet off the bench as well , registering 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists , four steals and two blocks . Washington remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They travel to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Monday night .
The Washington Wizards ( 41 - 41 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 48 - 34 ) in the season finale Wednesday at Verizon Center , 109 - 98 . Washington trailed by two heading into halftime , but their defense clamped down in the third quarter . The Hawks managed just 17 points in the period , and the Wizards used Atlanta 's offensive drought to build up a lead . Trailing 64 - 61 , the Wizards rattled off a 19 - 3 run to go up 80 - 67 , and the Wizards would n't trail again for the rest of the game . With John Wall once again inactive , Ramon Sessions led all scorers with 22 points for the Wizards . Nene ( 8 - 12 FG ) added 19 points , and Jared Dudley and Marcus Thornton poured in 14 points apiece . Washington shot just 16 - 30 ( 53 percent ) from the free throw line , the only reason this one was even close , as the Wizards outshot Atlanta 48 percent to 40 percent and won the battles in rebounding ( 51 to 47 ) and turnovers ( 19 to 22 ) . Al Horford 's 19 points led the Hawks , and he added eight rebounds . Paul Millsap posted a double double with 13 points and 11 assists , and Jeff Teague score 16 points to go with five assists . The Hawks committed as many assists ( 22 ) as turnovers ( 22 ) as it was clear they were looking towards the playoffs . The Hawks are locked into the fourth seed and will face the Celtics in the first round of the Eastern Conference playoffs . The Wizards have been eliminated from postseason play .
